[meshes/actors/bandit/stalker_bandit_1.ogf]
act\act_bandit, models\model
act\act_green_stalker_head_3, models\model

[meshes/actors/bandit/stalker_bandit_2.ogf]
act\act_bandit, models\model
act\act_green_stalker_head_1, models\model

[meshes/actors/bandit/stalker_bandit_3.ogf]
act\act_bandit, models\model
act\act_head_mask, models\model

[meshes/actors/bandit/stalker_bandit_4.ogf]
act\act_bandit, models\model
act\act_head2_uzor, models\model

[meshes/actors/bandit/stalker_bandit_5.ogf]
act\act_bandit, models\model
act\act_green_stalker_head_3_mask, models\model

[meshes/actors/bandit/stalker_bandit_6.ogf]
act\act_bandit, models\model
act\act_stalker_face2, models\model

[meshes/actors/bandit/stalker_bandit_7.ogf]
act\act_bandit, models\model
act\act_sold_bandan_head_1, models\model

[meshes/actors/bandit/stalker_bandit_8.ogf]
act\act_bandit, models\model
act\act_specnaz_glass, models\artefact
act\act_stalker, models\model

[meshes/actors/bandit/stalker_bandit_9.ogf]
act\act_bandit, models\model
act\act_head2, models\model

[meshes/actors/bandit/stalker_bandit_borov.ogf]
act\act_dark_stalker2, models\model
act\act_soldier_head, models\model

[meshes/actors/bandit/stalker_bandit_drunk.ogf]
act\act_head2_uzor, models\model
act\act_bandit, models\model

[meshes/actors/bandit/stalker_bandit_master.ogf]
act\act_dark_stalker2, models\model

[meshes/actors/bandit/stalker_bandit_veteran.ogf]
act\act_dark_stalker, models\model

[meshes/actors/barman/barman.ogf]
act\act_trader_barman_1, models\model

[meshes/actors/dolg/stalker_do_antigas.ogf]
act\act_stalker_black, models\model
act\act_head_mask, models\model
act\act_specnaz_glass, models\window
act\act_ryukzak_black, models\model

[meshes/actors/dolg/stalker_do_balon_1.ogf]
act\act_stalker_black, models\model
act\act_head2, models\model

[meshes/actors/dolg/stalker_do_balon_2.ogf]
act\act_sold_bandan_head_6, models\model
act\act_stalker_black, models\model

[meshes/actors/dolg/stalker_do_balon_3.ogf]
act\act_stalker_black, models\model
act\act_soldier_head, models\model

[meshes/actors/dolg/stalker_do_balon_4.ogf]
act\act_stalker_black, models\model
act\act_soldier_head1, models\model

[meshes/actors/dolg/stalker_do_balon_5.ogf]
act\act_stalker_black, models\model
act\act_green_stalker_head, models\model

[meshes/actors/dolg/stalker_do_balon_6.ogf]
act\act_stalker_black, models\model
act\act_stalker_face3, models\model

[meshes/actors/dolg/stalker_do_balon_7.ogf]
act\act_stalker_black, models\model
act\act_head4, models\model

[meshes/actors/dolg/stalker_do_balon_8.ogf]
act\act_stalker_black, models\model
act\act_head_mask, models\model

[meshes/actors/dolg/stalker_do_balon_80.ogf]
act\act_green_stalker_head_3_mask, models\model
act\act_stalker_black, models\model

[meshes/actors/dolg/stalker_do_exoskeleton.ogf]
act\act_st_exoskel_tank_dolg, models\weapons

[meshes/actors/dolg/stalker_do_komandir.ogf]
act\act_ryukzak_black, models\model
act\act_sold_bandan_head_6, models\model
act\act_stalker_black, models\model

[meshes/actors/dolg/stalker_do_mask.ogf]
act\act_green_stalker_head_3_mask, models\weapons
act\act_stalker_black, models\model

[meshes/actors/dolg/stalker_do_mask_1.ogf]
act\act_ryukzak_black, models\model
act\act_stalker_black, models\model
act\act_head_mask, models\model

[meshes/actors/dolg/stalker_do_nauchniy.ogf]
act\act_stalker_nauch_glass, models\artefact2
act\act_nauchniy_dolg, models\model

[meshes/actors/ecolog/stalker_ecolog.ogf]
act\act_stalker_nauch_glass, models\antigas_glass
act\act_scientist_suit_red, models\model

[meshes/actors/ecolog/stalker_ecolog_military.ogf]
act\act_stalker_nauch_glass, models\antigas_glass
act\act_scientist_suit_green, models\model

[meshes/actors/hero/stalker_bandit.ogf]
act\act_stalker_face, models\model
act\act_bandit, models\model

[meshes/actors/hero/stalker_chemical.ogf]
act\act_scientist_suit_green, models\model
act\act_stalker_nauch_glass, models\antigas_glass

[meshes/actors/hero/stalker_commander.ogf]
act\act_antigas, models\artefact2
act\act_antigas, models\weapons
act\act_stalker_military_1, models\model

[meshes/actors/hero/stalker_dolg.ogf]
act\act_stalker_face, models\model
act\act_stalker_black, models\model

[meshes/actors/hero/stalker_ecolog.ogf]
act\act_stalker_nauch_glass, models\antigas_glass
act\act_scientist_suit_red, models\model

[meshes/actors/hero/stalker_exoskeleton.ogf]
act\act_st_exoskeleton_tank, models\model

[meshes/actors/hero/stalker_hood.ogf]
act\act_stalker_face, models\model
act\act_stalker, models\model

[meshes/actors/hero/stalker_killer.ogf]
act\act_stalker_specnaz, models\model
act\act_stalker_face, models\model

[meshes/actors/hero/stalker_military.ogf]
act\act_stalker_military, models\model
act\act_antigas, models\artefact2
act\act_antigas, models\weapons

[meshes/actors/hero/stalker_monolit.ogf]
act\act_monolit, models\model
act\act_stalker_face, models\model

[meshes/actors/hero/stalker_novice.ogf]
act\act_green_stalker1, models\model
act\act_stalker_face, models\model

[meshes/actors/hero/stalker_scien.ogf]
act\act_stalker_nauchnyu, models\model
act\act_stalker_nauch_glass, models\weapons
act\act_svoboda_nauchniy, models\model

[meshes/actors/hero/stalker_soldier.ogf]
act\act_soldier, models\model
act\act_head_mask, models\model

[meshes/actors/hero/stalker_specops.ogf]
act\act_specnaz, models\model
act\act_antigas, models\weapons

[meshes/actors/hero/stalker_svoboda_heavy.ogf]
act\act_svoboda, models\model
act\act_stalker_face, models\model

[meshes/actors/hero/stalker_svoboda_light.ogf]
act\act_svoboda1, models\model
act\act_stalker_face, models\model

[meshes/actors/izgoy/izgoy.ogf]
act\act_stalker_doctor, models\model

[meshes/actors/killer/stalker_ki_antigas.ogf]
act\act_glass_universal, models\artefact2
act\act_stalker_specnaz, models\model

[meshes/actors/killer/stalker_ki_exoskeleton.ogf]
act\act_st_exoskel_tank_specnaz, models\artefact

[meshes/actors/killer/stalker_ki_head_1.ogf]
act\act_green_stalker_head_3_mask, models\model
act\act_stalker_specnaz3, models\model

[meshes/actors/killer/stalker_ki_head_2.ogf]
act\act_stalker_specnaz, models\model
act\act_scientist_head4, models\model

[meshes/actors/killer/stalker_ki_head_5.ogf]
act\act_stalker_face2, models\model
act\act_stalker_specnaz, models\model

[meshes/actors/killer/stalker_ki_hero.ogf]
act\act_stalker_specnaz, models\model
act\act_stalker_face1, models\model

[meshes/actors/killer/stalker_ki_informator.ogf]
act\act_stalker_specnaz, models\model
act\act_scientist_head5, models\model

[meshes/actors/killer/stalker_ki_mask.ogf]
act\act_stalker_specnaz, models\model
act\act_head_mask, models\model

[meshes/actors/killer/stalker_ki_nauchniy.ogf]
act\act_stalker_nauch_glass, models\weapons
act\act_killer_nauchniy, models\model

[meshes/actors/militari/stalker_militari_1.ogf]
act\act_specnaz_glass, models\artefact2
act\act_stalker_military, models\model

[meshes/actors/militari/stalker_militari_2.ogf]
act\act_specnaz_glass, models\artefact2
act\act_stalker_military_1, models\model

[meshes/actors/militari/stalker_militari_antigas_1.ogf]
act\act_glass_universal, models\artefact2
act\act_stalker_military, models\model
act\act_antigas, models\weapons

[meshes/actors/militari/stalker_militari_antigas_2.ogf]
act\act_glass_universal, models\artefact2
act\act_stalker_military_1, models\model
act\act_antigas, models\weapons

[meshes/actors/monolit/stalker_mo_exo.ogf]
act\act_st_exoskel_tank_monolit, models\artefact2

[meshes/actors/monolit/stalker_mo_head1.ogf]
act\act_nauchniy_monolit, models\model
act\act_green_stalker_head_3, models\model
act\act_ryukzak, models\model

[meshes/actors/monolit/stalker_mo_head2.ogf]
act\act_ryukzak, models\model
act\act_nauchniy_monolit, models\model
act\act_head2, models\model

[meshes/actors/monolit/stalker_mo_head_1.ogf]
act\act_green_stalker_head_3, models\model
act\act_ryukzak, models\model
act\act_nauchniy_monolit, models\model

[meshes/actors/monolit/stalker_mo_hood_9.ogf]
act\act_monolit, models\model
act\act_specnaz_glass, models\window

[meshes/actors/monolit/stalker_mo_komandir.ogf]
act\act_ryukzak, models\model
act\act_sold_bandan_head_6, models\model
act\act_nauchniy_monolit, models\model

[meshes/actors/monolit/stalker_mo_mask.ogf]
act\act_nauchniy_monolit, models\model
act\act_head_mask, models\model
act\act_ryukzak_black, models\model

[meshes/actors/monolit/stalker_mo_nauchniy.ogf]
act\act_nauchniy_monolit, models\model
act\act_stalker_nauch_glass, models\weapons

[meshes/actors/nauchniy/nauchniy_0.ogf]
act\act_scientist_suit_green, models\model
act\act_stalker_nauch_glass, models\antigas_glass

[meshes/actors/nauchniy/nauchniy_1.ogf]
act\act_scientist_suit_red, models\model
act\act_stalker_nauch_glass, models\antigas_glass

[meshes/actors/neytral/stalker_bar_security.ogf]
act\act_stalker_specnaz2, models\model
act\act_head_mask, models\model

[meshes/actors/neytral/stalker_neytral_balon_1.ogf]
act\act_stalker, models\model
act\act_stalker_face1, models\model

[meshes/actors/neytral/stalker_neytral_balon_2.ogf]
act\act_stalker, models\model
act\act_sold_bandan_head_6, models\model

[meshes/actors/neytral/stalker_neytral_balon_3.ogf]
act\act_stalker, models\model
act\act_soldier_head, models\model
act\act_soldier_head3, models\model

[meshes/actors/neytral/stalker_neytral_balon_4.ogf]
act\act_stalker_no_hood_head1, models\model
act\act_stalker, models\model

[meshes/actors/neytral/stalker_neytral_balon_5.ogf]
act\act_stalker, models\model
act\act_green_stalker_head_1, models\model

[meshes/actors/neytral/stalker_neytral_balon_6.ogf]
act\act_stalker, models\model
act\act_sold_bandan_head_1, models\model
act\act_stalker_face, models\model

[meshes/actors/neytral/stalker_neytral_balon_7.ogf]
act\act_stalker, models\model
act\act_green_stalker_head_2, models\model
act\act_glasses, models\model_aref

[meshes/actors/neytral/stalker_neytral_balon_8.ogf]
act\act_stalker, models\model
act\act_head_mask, models\model

[meshes/actors/neytral/stalker_neytral_exoskeleton.ogf]
act\act_st_exoskeleton_tank, models\weapons

[meshes/actors/neytral/stalker_neytral_hood_1.ogf]
act\act_stalker, models\model
act\act_stalker_face2, models\model
act\act_ryukzak, models\model

[meshes/actors/neytral/stalker_neytral_hood_2.ogf]
act\act_sold_bandan_head_7, models\model
act\act_ryukzak, models\model
act\act_stalker, models\model

[meshes/actors/neytral/stalker_neytral_hood_3.ogf]
act\act_stalker, models\model
act\act_soldier_head4, models\model
act\act_ryukzak, models\model

[meshes/actors/neytral/stalker_neytral_hood_4.ogf]
act\act_stalker_no_hood_head, models\model
act\act_stalker, models\model
act\act_ryukzak, models\model

[meshes/actors/neytral/stalker_neytral_hood_5.ogf]
act\act_stalker, models\model
act\act_green_stalker_head_2, models\model
act\act_ryukzak, models\model

[meshes/actors/neytral/stalker_neytral_hood_6.ogf]
act\act_stalker, models\model
act\act_sold_bandan_head_3, models\model
act\act_ryukzak, models\model

[meshes/actors/neytral/stalker_neytral_hood_7.ogf]
act\act_stalker, models\model
act\act_green_stalker_head_3, models\model
act\act_glasses, models\window
act\act_ryukzak, models\model

[meshes/actors/neytral/stalker_neytral_hood_8.ogf]
act\act_green_stalker_head_3_mask, models\model
act\act_stalker, models\model
act\act_ryukzak, models\model

[meshes/actors/neytral/stalker_neytral_hood_9.ogf]
act\act_glass_universal, models\artefact2
act\act_stalker, models\model

[meshes/actors/neytral/stalker_neytral_hood_uzor.ogf]
act\act_stalker, models\model
act\act_head2_uzor, models\model
act\act_ryukzak, models\model

[meshes/actors/neytral/stalker_neytral_nauchniy.ogf]
act\act_stalker_nauch_glass, models\weapons
act\act_stalker_nauchnyu, models\model

[meshes/actors/neytral/stalker_neytral_rukzak_1.ogf]
act\act_stalker, models\model
act\act_ryukzak, models\model
act\act_soldier_head1, models\model

[meshes/actors/neytral/stalker_neytral_rukzak_2.ogf]
act\act_stalker, models\model
act\act_ryukzak, models\model
act\act_head_mask, models\model

[meshes/actors/neytral/stalker_neytral_rukzak_3.ogf]
act\act_sold_bandan_head_3, models\model
act\act_stalker, models\model
act\act_ryukzak, models\model

[meshes/actors/neytral/stalker_neytral_rukzak_4.ogf]
act\act_stalker, models\model
act\act_sold_bandan_head_5, models\model
act\act_ryukzak, models\model

[meshes/actors/neytral/stalker_neytral_rukzak_5.ogf]
act\act_stalker, models\model
act\act_ryukzak, models\model
act\act_soldier_head1, models\model

[meshes/actors/neytral/stalker_neytral_rukzak_6.ogf]
act\act_soldier_head3, models\model
act\act_stalker, models\model
act\act_ryukzak, models\model

[meshes/actors/neytral/stalker_neytral_rukzak_7.ogf]
act\act_glasses, models\window
act\act_stalker, models\model
act\act_ryukzak, models\model
act\act_green_stalker_head_3, models\model

[meshes/actors/neytral/stalker_prizrak.ogf]
act\act_head_prizrak, models\model
act\act_stalker, models\model

[meshes/actors/novice/green_stalker_1.ogf]
act\act_green_stalker2, models\model
act\act_head1, models\model

[meshes/actors/novice/green_stalker_10.ogf]
act\act_green_stalker2, models\model
act\act_head_mask, models\model

[meshes/actors/novice/green_stalker_11.ogf]
act\act_green_stalker2, models\model
act\act_scientist_head3, models\model

[meshes/actors/novice/green_stalker_2.ogf]
act\act_green_stalker1, models\model
act\act_head_mask, models\model

[meshes/actors/novice/green_stalker_3.ogf]
act\act_green_stalker1, models\model
act\act_sold_bandan_head_7, models\model

[meshes/actors/novice/green_stalker_4.ogf]
act\act_green_stalker1, models\model
act\act_green_stalker_head_3_mask, models\model

[meshes/actors/novice/green_stalker_5.ogf]
act\act_green_stalker2, models\model
act\act_head5_uzor, models\model

[meshes/actors/novice/green_stalker_6.ogf]
act\act_green_stalker1, models\model
act\act_head2_uzor, models\model

[meshes/actors/novice/green_stalker_7.ogf]
act\act_green_stalker1, models\model
act\act_glasses, models\window
act\act_head2, models\model

[meshes/actors/novice/green_stalker_8.ogf]
act\act_green_stalker1, models\model
act\act_soldier_head2, models\model

[meshes/actors/novice/green_stalker_9.ogf]
act\act_green_stalker1, models\model
act\act_sold_bandan_head_7, models\model

[meshes/actors/novice/green_stalker_antigas.ogf]
act\act_green_stalker2, models\model
act\act_stalker, models\model
act\act_specnaz_glass, models\window

[meshes/actors/protect/protect_suit1.ogf]
act\act_scientist_suit_green, models\model
act\act_stalker_nauch_glass, models\antigas_glass

[meshes/actors/protect/protect_suit2.ogf]
act\act_scientist_suit_red, models\model
act\act_stalker_nauch_glass, models\antigas_glass

[meshes/actors/soldier/soldier_antigas.ogf]
act\act_specnaz, models\model
act\act_antigas, models\weapons

[meshes/actors/soldier/soldier_bandana.ogf]
act\act_soldier_bandana, models\model
act\act_sold_bandan_head_7, models\model

[meshes/actors/soldier/soldier_bandana_1.ogf]
act\act_soldier_bandana, models\model
act\act_soldier_head, models\model

[meshes/actors/soldier/soldier_bandana_2.ogf]
act\act_soldier_bandana1, models\model
act\act_soldier_head1, models\model

[meshes/actors/soldier/soldier_bandana_3.ogf]
act\act_soldier_bandana1, models\model
act\act_sold_bandan_head_5, models\model

[meshes/actors/soldier/soldier_bandana_4.ogf]
act\act_soldier_bandana1, models\model
act\act_soldier_head3, models\model

[meshes/actors/soldier/soldier_bandana_5.ogf]
act\act_soldier_bandana1, models\model
act\act_soldier_head5, models\model

[meshes/actors/soldier/soldier_bandana_6.ogf]
act\act_soldier_bandana, models\model
act\act_soldier_head4, models\model

[meshes/actors/soldier/soldier_beret.ogf]
act\act_soldier, models\model
act\act_soldier_head1, models\model

[meshes/actors/soldier/soldier_beret_1.ogf]
act\act_soldier, models\model
act\act_soldier_head, models\model

[meshes/actors/soldier/soldier_beret_2.ogf]
act\act_soldier, models\model
act\act_soldier_head2, models\model

[meshes/actors/soldier/soldier_beret_3.ogf]
act\act_soldier, models\model
act\act_soldier_head3, models\model

[meshes/actors/soldier/soldier_beret_4.ogf]
act\act_soldier_head4, models\model
act\act_soldier, models\model

[meshes/actors/soldier/soldier_beret_5.ogf]
act\act_soldier, models\model
act\act_soldier_head5, models\model

[meshes/actors/soldier/soldier_mask.ogf]
act\act_specnaz, models\model
act\act_head_mask, models\model

[meshes/actors/soldier/soldier_obichniy.ogf]
act\act_soldier_bandana1, models\model
act\act_sold_bandan_head_7, models\model

[meshes/actors/soldier/soldier_spetsnaz.ogf]
act\act_specnaz, models\model
act\act_specnaz_glass, models\weapons
act\act_specnaz_glass, models\model

[meshes/actors/soldier/stalker_military_black.ogf]
act\act_glass_universal, models\window
act\act_green_stalker_head_1, models\model
act\act_stalker_military_1, models\model

[meshes/actors/soldier/stalker_military_green.ogf]
act\act_stalker_military, models\model
act\act_head1, models\model
act\act_glass_universal, models\window

[meshes/actors/stalker_mp/stalker_killer_antigas.ogf]
act\act_stalker_specnaz_mp, models\selflightl
act\act_stalker_specnaz_mp, models\model
act\act_glass_universal, models\weapons

[meshes/actors/stalker_mp/stalker_killer_exoskeleton.ogf]
act\act_st_exoskel_tank_mp_blue, models\artefact
act\act_st_exoskel_tank_mp_blue, models\selflightl

[meshes/actors/stalker_mp/stalker_killer_head_1.ogf]
act\act_stalker_specnaz_mp, models\model
act\act_stalker_specnaz_mp, models\selflightl
act\act_head2, models\model

[meshes/actors/stalker_mp/stalker_killer_head_3.ogf]
act\act_stalker_face2, models\model
act\act_stalker_specnaz_mp, models\selflightl
act\act_stalker_specnaz_mp, models\model

[meshes/actors/stalker_mp/stalker_killer_mask.ogf]
act\act_head_mask, models\model
act\act_stalker_specnaz_mp, models\model
act\act_stalker_specnaz_mp, models\selflightl

[meshes/actors/stalker_mp/stalker_killer_mask_de.ogf]
act\act_head_mask, models\model
act\act_stalker_specnaz_mp_de, models\model
act\act_stalker_specnaz_mp_de, models\selflightl

[meshes/actors/stalker_mp/stalker_killer_mask_fr.ogf]
act\act_head_mask, models\model
act\act_stalker_specnaz_mp_fr, models\model
act\act_stalker_specnaz_mp_fr, models\selflightl

[meshes/actors/stalker_mp/stalker_killer_mask_uk.ogf]
act\act_head_mask, models\model
act\act_stalker_specnaz_mp_uk, models\model
act\act_stalker_specnaz_mp_uk, models\selflightl

[meshes/actors/stalker_mp/stalker_killer_mask_us.ogf]
act\act_head_mask, models\model
act\act_stalker_specnaz_mp_us, models\model
act\act_stalker_specnaz_mp_us, models\selflightl

[meshes/actors/stalker_mp/stalker_killer_military.ogf]
act\act_green_stalker_head, models\model
act\act_stalker_military_killer_mp, models\selflightl
act\act_glass_universal, models\window
act\act_stalker_military_killer_mp, models\model

[meshes/actors/stalker_mp/stalker_sci_killer.ogf]
act\act_killer_nauchniy_mp, models\model
act\act_killer_nauchniy_mp, models\selflightl
act\act_stalker_nauch_glass, models\weapons

[meshes/actors/stalker_mp/stalker_sci_svoboda.ogf]
act\act_svoboda_mp, models\selflightl
act\act_stalker_nauch_glass, models\weapons
act\act_svoboda_nauchniy, models\model

[meshes/actors/stalker_mp/stalker_sv_balon_10.ogf]
act\act_svoboda_mp, models\selflightl
act\act_svoboda_mp, models\model
act\act_stalker_face3, models\model

[meshes/actors/stalker_mp/stalker_sv_exoskeleton.ogf]
act\act_st_exoskel_tank_mp_gren, models\artefact2
act\act_st_exoskel_tank_mp_gren, models\selflightl

[meshes/actors/stalker_mp/stalker_sv_hood_9.ogf]
act\act_svoboda_mp, models\selflightl
act\act_head_mask, models\model
act\act_svoboda_mp, models\weapons
act\act_specnaz_glass, models\window
act\act_ryukzak, models\model
act\act_svoboda_mp, models\model

[meshes/actors/stalker_mp/stalker_sv_military.ogf]
act\act_stalker_military_sv_mp, models\model
act\act_glass_universal, models\window
act\act_stalker_military_sv_mp, models\selflightl
act\act_green_stalker_head, models\model

[meshes/actors/stalker_mp/stalker_sv_rukzak_2.ogf]
act\act_svoboda_mp, models\selflightl
act\act_svoboda_mp, models\model
act\act_ryukzak, models\model
act\act_head_mask, models\model

[meshes/actors/stalker_mp/stalker_sv_rukzak_3.ogf]
act\act_svoboda_mp, models\selflightl
act\act_svoboda_mp, models\model
act\act_ryukzak, models\model
act\act_soldier_head, models\model

[meshes/actors/stalker_zombi/stalker_zombie1.ogf]
act\act_bandit, models\model
act\act_green_stalker_head_3, models\model

[meshes/actors/stalker_zombi/stalker_zombie2.ogf]
act\act_stalker_black, models\model
act\act_green_stalker_head_3, models\model

[meshes/actors/stalker_zombi/stalker_zombie3.ogf]
act\act_stalker, models\model
act\act_green_stalker_head_3, models\model

[meshes/actors/stalker_zombi/stalker_zombie4.ogf]
act\act_stalker_specnaz, models\model
act\act_head_zombi, models\model

[meshes/actors/stalker_zombi/stalker_zombie5.ogf]
act\act_stalker_specnaz2, models\model
act\act_green_stalker_head_3, models\model

[meshes/actors/stalker_zombi/stalker_zombie6.ogf]
act\act_stalker, models\model
act\act_green_stalker_head_3, models\model
act\act_glasses, models\window
act\act_ryukzak, models\model

[meshes/actors/stalker_zombi/stalker_zombie7.ogf]
act\act_green_stalker1, models\model
act\act_head_zombi, models\model

[meshes/actors/stalker_zombi/stalker_zombie8.ogf]
act\act_green_stalker2, models\model
act\act_green_stalker_head_3, models\model

[meshes/actors/stalker_zombi/stalker_zombie_specnaz.ogf]
act\act_specnaz, models\model
act\act_specnaz_glass, models\model
act\act_specnaz_glass, models\window

[meshes/actors/stalker_zombi/zombie_exoskeleton.ogf]
act\act_st_exoskeleton_tank, models\model

[meshes/actors/stalker_zombi/zombie_fresh_0.ogf]
act\act_svoboda, models\model
act\act_head_zombi, models\model

[meshes/actors/stalker_zombi/zombie_fresh_1.ogf]
act\act_stalker_black, models\model
act\act_green_stalker_head_3, models\model

[meshes/actors/stalker_zombi/zombie_fresh_2.ogf]
act\act_stalker, models\model
act\act_head_zombi, models\model

[meshes/actors/svoboda/stalker_sv_balon_1.ogf]
act\act_svoboda, models\model
act\act_glasses, models\model_aref
act\act_green_stalker_head_2, models\model

[meshes/actors/svoboda/stalker_sv_balon_10.ogf]
act\act_svoboda, models\model
act\act_sold_bandan_head_3, models\model

[meshes/actors/svoboda/stalker_sv_cook.ogf]
act\act_svoboda, models\model
act\act_sold_bandan_head_8, models\model
act\act_ryukzak, models\model

[meshes/actors/svoboda/stalker_sv_exoskeleton.ogf]
act\act_st_exoskel_tank_svoboda, models\weapons

[meshes/actors/svoboda/stalker_sv_hood_9.ogf]
act\act_head_mask, models\model
act\act_svoboda, models\model
act\act_specnaz_glass, models\window
act\act_ryukzak_black, models\model

[meshes/actors/svoboda/stalker_sv_hood_91.ogf]
act\act_specnaz_glass, models\window
act\act_svoboda1, models\model

[meshes/actors/svoboda/stalker_sv_leader.ogf]
act\act_head3, models\model
act\act_svoboda, models\model

[meshes/actors/svoboda/stalker_sv_max.ogf]
act\act_svoboda, models\model
act\act_sold_bandan_head_4, models\model
act\act_ryukzak, models\model

[meshes/actors/svoboda/stalker_sv_nauchniy.ogf]
act\act_svoboda_nauchniy, models\model
act\act_stalker_nauch_glass, models\weapons

[meshes/actors/svoboda/stalker_sv_rukzak_1.ogf]
act\act_svoboda, models\model
act\act_ryukzak, models\model
act\act_soldier_head3, models\model

[meshes/actors/svoboda/stalker_sv_rukzak_1_1.ogf]
act\act_svoboda1, models\model
act\act_head_mask, models\model
act\act_ryukzak, models\model

[meshes/actors/svoboda/stalker_sv_rukzak_2.ogf]
act\act_svoboda, models\model
act\act_ryukzak, models\model
act\act_head_mask, models\model

[meshes/actors/svoboda/stalker_sv_rukzak_3.ogf]
act\act_svoboda1, models\model
act\act_ryukzak, models\model
act\act_green_stalker_head_3_mask, models\model

[meshes/actors/svoboda/stalker_sv_rukzak_3_1.ogf]
act\act_svoboda, models\model
act\act_head5_uzor, models\model
act\act_ryukzak, models\model

[meshes/actors/trader/trader.ogf]
act\act_barman, models\model

[meshes/actors/ucheniy/ucheniy_1.ogf]
act\act_scientist, models\model
act\act_scientist_head2, models\model

[meshes/actors/ucheniy/ucheniy_1_strong.ogf]
act\act_scientist_head2_holo, models\pautina
act\act_scientist_holo, models\pautina

[meshes/actors/ucheniy/ucheniy_2.ogf]
act\act_scientist_head1, models\model
act\act_scientist, models\model

[meshes/actors/ucheniy/ucheniy_3.ogf]
act\act_scientist, models\model
act\act_scientist_head3, models\model

[meshes/actors/ucheniy/ucheniy_4.ogf]
act\act_scientist, models\model
act\act_scientist_head4, models\model

[meshes/equipments/bandit_suit.ogf]
act\act_bandit, models\model

[meshes/equipments/camera.ogf]
mtl\mtl_tubes3b, models\model
wpn\wpn_binokl, models\model

[meshes/equipments/dolg_suit.ogf]
act\act_stalker_black, models\model

[meshes/equipments/drink_nonstop.ogf]
item\item_drink_nonstop, models\model

[meshes/equipments/drink_nonstop_old.ogf]
item\item_drink_nonstop_old, models\artefact

[meshes/equipments/drink_stalker.ogf]
item\item_drink_stalker, models\artefact

[meshes/equipments/drink_stalker_old.ogf]
item\item_drink_stalker_old, models\artefact

[meshes/equipments/ecolog_suit.ogf]
act\act_scientist_suit_red, models\model
act\act_stalker_nauch_glass, models\weapons

[meshes/equipments/exoskelet.ogf]
act\act_st_exoskel_tank_dolg, models\model

[meshes/equipments/gasmask1.ogf]
item\item_gazmask1, models\model
item\item_gazmask1, models\weapons

[meshes/equipments/gasmask2.ogf]
item\item_gazmask1, models\weapons
item\item_gazmask1, models\model

[meshes/equipments/gasmask3.ogf]
item\item_gazmask3, models\weapons

[meshes/equipments/green_stalker_suit.ogf]
act\act_green_stalker1, models\model

[meshes/equipments/item_antirad.ogf]
item\item_medkit, models\model

[meshes/equipments/item_aptechka.ogf]
item\item_medkit, models\model

[meshes/equipments/item_aptechka2.ogf]
item\item_medkit_2, models\model

[meshes/equipments/item_aptechka3.ogf]
item\item_medkit_3, models\model

[meshes/equipments/item_bandage.ogf]
item\item_medkit, models\model

[meshes/equipments/item_battery_02.ogf]
item\item_ustroystva, models\selflight
item\item_ustroystva, models\model

[meshes/equipments/item_boar_leg.ogf]
act\act_mutant_boar, models\model

[meshes/equipments/item_book_01.ogf]
item\item_document_01, models\model

[meshes/equipments/item_book_02.ogf]
item\item_document_01, models\model

[meshes/equipments/item_book_03.ogf]
item\item_document_01, models\model

[meshes/equipments/item_book_open_01.ogf]
item\item_document_01, models\model

[meshes/equipments/item_box_01.ogf]
prop\prop_dangerbox_2, models\model

[meshes/equipments/item_box_01_visual.ogf]
prop\prop_dangerbox_2, models\model

[meshes/equipments/item_burer_hand.ogf]
act\act_burer, models\model

[meshes/equipments/item_datchik1.ogf]
item\item_ustroystva, models\model
item\item_ustroystva, models\selflightl

[meshes/equipments/item_datchik2.ogf]
item\item_ustroystva, models\selflightl
item\item_ustroystva, models\model

[meshes/equipments/item_datchik3.ogf]
item\item_ustroystva, models\model
item\item_ustroystva, models\selflightl

[meshes/equipments/item_decoder.ogf]
item\item_ustroystva, models\model

[meshes/equipments/item_delo.ogf]
item\item_delo, models\selflightl

[meshes/equipments/item_dipl.ogf]
item\item_dipl, models\selflightl

[meshes/equipments/item_document_01.ogf]
item\item_document_01, models\selflightl

[meshes/equipments/item_document_1.ogf]
item\item_x_files, models\selflightl

[meshes/equipments/item_document_2.ogf]
item\item_x_files, models\selflightl

[meshes/equipments/item_dog_tail.ogf]
act\act_dogs_brown, models\model

[meshes/equipments/item_flash_1.ogf]
prop\prop_item3, models\model

[meshes/equipments/item_flash_2.ogf]
prop\prop_item3, models\model

[meshes/equipments/item_flesh_eye.ogf]
act\act_plot, models\model

[meshes/equipments/item_fmradio.ogf]
item\item_ustroystva, models\model
item\item_ustroystva, models\selflightl

[meshes/equipments/item_foto1.ogf]
item\item_foto1, models\model

[meshes/equipments/item_foto2.ogf]
item\item_foto2, models\model

[meshes/equipments/item_gasmask1.ogf]
item\item_gazmask1, models\model
item\item_gazmask1, models\weapons

[meshes/equipments/item_guitar.ogf]
item\item_guitar, models\model

[meshes/equipments/item_harmonica.ogf]
item\item_guitar, models\model

[meshes/equipments/item_krovosos_jaw.ogf]
act\act_krovosos_new1, models\model

[meshes/equipments/item_merger.ogf]
item\item_merger, models\model

[meshes/equipments/item_minipda.ogf]
item\item_ustroystva, models\selflight
item\item_ustroystva, models\selflightl

[meshes/equipments/item_mks10.ogf]
item\item_mks10, models\selflight
item\item_mks10, models\weapons

[meshes/equipments/item_notebook.ogf]
prop\prop_item3, models\model

[meshes/equipments/item_pda.ogf]
item\item_ustroystva, models\selflightl
item\item_ustroystva, models\weapons

[meshes/equipments/item_psevdodog_tail.ogf]
act\act_pseudodog_fur, models\model_aref
act\act_pseudodog_fur, models\model

[meshes/equipments/item_psi_helmet.ogf]
wpn\wpn_upgrade, models\selflightl

[meshes/equipments/item_psi_protection.ogf]
act\act_stalker, models\selflightl

[meshes/equipments/item_rukzak.ogf]
act\act_ryukzak, models\model

[meshes/equipments/item_snork_leg.ogf]
act\act_gasmask, models\model

[meshes/equipments/item_transiver.ogf]
prop\prop_item3, models\model
prop\prop_item3, models\selflightl

[meshes/equipments/item_zombie_hand.ogf]
act\act_zombie_1, models\model

[meshes/equipments/light_night.ogf]
wpn\wpn_upgrade, models\model
wpn\wpn_upgrade, models\selflight
lights\lights_cone_handing_lamp, models\lightplanes
glow\glow_Yellow, models\lightplanes
wpn\wpn_upgrade, models\weapons

[meshes/equipments/monolit_suit.ogf]
act\act_monolit, models\model

[meshes/equipments/novice_suit.ogf]
act\act_green_stalker1, models\model

[meshes/equipments/projector.ogf]
prop\prop_projektor, models\weapons
glow\glow_Yellow, models\lightplanes
lights\lights_cone_handing_lamp, models\lightplanes
prop\prop_projektor, models\window
prop\prop_projektor, models\selflight

[meshes/equipments/projector_ani.ogf]
glow\glow_yellow, models\lightplanes
lights\lights_cone_handing_lamp, models\lightplanes
prop\prop_projektor, models\model
prop\prop_projektor, models\selflight

[meshes/equipments/scientist_suit.ogf]
act\act_scientist_suit_green, models\model
act\act_stalker_nauch_glass, models\weapons

[meshes/equipments/soldier_suit.ogf]
act\act_Soldier, models\model

[meshes/equipments/specnaz_soldier_suit.ogf]
act\act_specnaz, models\model

[meshes/equipments/specnaz_suit.ogf]
act\act_specnaz, models\model

[meshes/equipments/stalker_comander_suit.ogf]
act\act_jeffry_glass, models\weapons
act\act_stalker_military_1, models\model

[meshes/equipments/stalker_dolg_nauchniy_suit.ogf]
act\act_nauchniy_dolg, models\model
act\act_stalker_nauch_glass, models\artefact2

[meshes/equipments/stalker_killer_suit.ogf]
act\act_stalker_specnaz, models\model
act\act_glass_universal, models\weapons

[meshes/equipments/stalker_military_suit.ogf]
act\act_jeffry_glass, models\weapons
act\act_stalker_military, models\model

[meshes/equipments/stalker_scient_suit.ogf]
act\act_stalker_nauchnyu, models\model
act\act_stalker_nauch_glass, models\weapons

[meshes/equipments/stalker_suit.ogf]
act\act_stalker, models\model

[meshes/equipments/svoboda_heavy_suit.ogf]
act\act_svoboda, models\model

[meshes/equipments/svoboda_light_suit.ogf]
act\act_svoboda1, models\model

[meshes/food/conserv1.ogf]
item\item_food, models\model

[meshes/food/conserv2.ogf]
item\item_food, models\model

[meshes/food/konserva_kukuruza.ogf]
prop\prop_konserva, models\model

[meshes/food/konserva_olives.ogf]
prop\prop_konserva, models\model

[meshes/food/konserva_olives_open.ogf]
prop\prop_konserva, models\model

[meshes/food/konserva_orehi.ogf]
prop\prop_konserva, models\model

[meshes/food/konserva_orehi_open.ogf]
prop\prop_konserva, models\model

[meshes/food/konserva_sardina.ogf]
prop\prop_konserva, models\model

[meshes/food/konserva_sardina_open.ogf]
prop\prop_konserva, models\model

[meshes/food/konserva_tushenka.ogf]
prop\prop_konserva, models\model

[meshes/food/konserva_yantar.ogf]
prop\prop_konserva, models\model

[meshes/monsters/burer/burer.ogf]
act\act_burer, models\selflight
act\act_burer, models\model

[meshes/monsters/burer/burer_1.ogf]
act\act_burer1, models\selflight
act\act_burer1, models\model

[meshes/monsters/cat/cat.ogf]
act\act_cat, models\model

[meshes/monsters/chimera/chimera.ogf]
act\act_himera, models\selflight
act\act_dog_red_teeth, models\model
act\act_himera, models\model

[meshes/monsters/crow/crow.ogf]
act\act_Crow_op, models\model
act\act_Crow_op, models\model_aref

[meshes/monsters/dark_stalker/dark_stalker.ogf]
act\act_dark_stalker, models\model

[meshes/monsters/dog/dog.ogf]
act\act_dog_red_teeth, models\model
act\act_dogs_brown, models\model

[meshes/monsters/dog/dog_bulterier.ogf]
act\act_dogs_bulterer, models\model
act\act_dog_red_teeth, models\model

[meshes/monsters/dog/dog_bulterier_dead.ogf]
act\act_dogs_bulterer, models\model
act\act_dog_red_teeth, models\model

[meshes/monsters/dog/dog_dead.ogf]
act\act_dogs_brown, models\model
act\act_dog_red_teeth, models\model

[meshes/monsters/dog/dog_red.ogf]
act\act_dog_red_teeth, models\model
act\act_dog_red, models\model

[meshes/monsters/dog/dog_red_dead.ogf]
act\act_dog_red, models\model
act\act_dog_red_teeth, models\model

[meshes/monsters/dog/dog_white.ogf]
act\act_dog_red_teeth, models\model
act\act_dogs_big, models\model

[meshes/monsters/dog/dog_white_dead.ogf]
act\act_dogs_big, models\model
act\act_dog_red_teeth, models\model

[meshes/monsters/flesh/flesh.ogf]
act\act_plot, models\model

[meshes/monsters/flesh/flesh_dead.ogf]
act\act_plot, models\model

[meshes/monsters/flesh/flesh_strong.ogf]
act\act_plot_u, models\model

[meshes/monsters/izlom/izlom.ogf]
act\act_izlom, models\model

[meshes/monsters/kontroler/kontroler.ogf]
act\act_Controller, models\model

[meshes/monsters/kontroler/kontroler_2.ogf]
act\act_Controller, models\model

[meshes/monsters/kontroler/kontroler_3.ogf]
act\act_controller2, models\model

[meshes/monsters/kontroler/kontroler_4.ogf]
act\act_controller2, models\model

[meshes/monsters/kontroler/kontroler_5.ogf]
act\act_controller3, models\model

[meshes/monsters/kontroler/kontroler_dead.ogf]
act\act_Controller, models\model

[meshes/monsters/krovosos/krovosos.ogf]
act\act_krovosos_new1, models\selflight
act\act_krovosos_new1, models\model

[meshes/monsters/krovosos/krovosos_dead.ogf]
act\act_krovosos_new1, models\selflight
act\act_krovosos_new1, models\model

[meshes/monsters/krovosos/krovosos_strong.ogf]
act\act_krovosos_u, models\selflight
act\act_krovosos_u, models\model

[meshes/monsters/krovosos/krovosos_strong_xray.ogf]
act\act_krovosos_u, models\selflight
act\act_krovosos_u, models\xanomaly

[meshes/monsters/krovosos/krovosos_xray.ogf]
act\act_krovosos_new1, models\selflight
act\act_krovosos_new1, models\xanomaly

[meshes/monsters/mutant_boar/mutant_boar.ogf]
act\act_mutant_boar, models\model
act\act_mutant_boar, models\selflight
act\act_mutant_boar_fur, models\model_fur

[meshes/monsters/mutant_boar/mutant_boar_dead.ogf]
act\act_mutant_boar, models\selflight
act\act_mutant_boar_fur, models\model_fur
act\act_mutant_boar, models\model

[meshes/monsters/mutant_boar/mutant_boar_strong.ogf]
act\act_mutant_boar_u, models\model
act\act_mutant_boar_u, models\selflight
act\act_mutant_boar_fur_u, models\model_fur

[meshes/monsters/phantom/cat_0.ogf]
act\act_cat, models\pautina

[meshes/monsters/phantom/chimera_0.ogf]
act\act_dog_red_teeth, models\pautina
act\act_himera, models\pautina

[meshes/monsters/phantom/dog_0.ogf]
act\act_dogs_big, models\pautina
act\act_dog_red_teeth, models\pautina

[meshes/monsters/phantom/flesh_0.ogf]
act\act_plot, models\pautina

[meshes/monsters/phantom/kontroler_0.ogf]
act\act_Controller, models\pautina

[meshes/monsters/phantom/krovosos_0.ogf]
act\act_krovosos_new1, models\pautina

[meshes/monsters/phantom/mutant_boar_0.ogf]
act\act_mutant_boar, models\pautina
act\act_mutant_boar_fur, models\pautina

[meshes/monsters/phantom/pseudodog_0.ogf]
act\act_pseudodog_fur, models\pautina
act\act_pseudodog, models\pautina

[meshes/monsters/phantom/psevdogigant_0.ogf]
act\act_psevdogigant_teeth, models\pautina
act\act_psevdogigant, models\pautina

[meshes/monsters/phantom/snork_0.ogf]
act\act_gasmask, models\pautina

[meshes/monsters/phantom/tushkano_0.ogf]
act\act_rat01, models\pautina

[meshes/monsters/phantom/zombi_0.ogf]
act\act_zombie_1, models\pautina

[meshes/monsters/poltergeist/poltergeist.ogf]
act\act_poltergeyst, models\model

[meshes/monsters/poltergeist/poltergeist_strong.ogf]
act\act_poltergeyst, models\xanomaly

[meshes/monsters/poltergeist/poltergeyst_dead.ogf]
act\act_poltergeyst, models\model

[meshes/monsters/pseudodog/pseudodog.ogf]
act\act_pseudodog, models\selflight
act\act_pseudodog_fur, models\model_fur
act\act_pseudodog, models\model

[meshes/monsters/pseudodog/pseudodog_dead.ogf]
act\act_pseudodog_fur, models\model_fur
act\act_pseudodog, models\selflight
act\act_pseudodog, models\model

[meshes/monsters/pseudodog/pseudodog_grey.ogf]
act\act_pseudodog1, models\selflight
act\act_pseudodog_fur1, models\model_fur
act\act_pseudodog1, models\model

[meshes/monsters/pseudodog/pseudodog_grey_dead.ogf]
act\act_pseudodog_fur1, models\model_fur
act\act_pseudodog1, models\selflight
act\act_pseudodog1, models\model

[meshes/monsters/psevdogigant/psevdogigant.ogf]
act\act_psevdogigant, models\model
act\act_psevdogigant_teeth, models\model_aref

[meshes/monsters/psevdogigant/psevdogigant_dead.ogf]
act\act_psevdogigant, models\model
act\act_psevdogigant_teeth, models\model_aref

[meshes/monsters/psevdogigant/psevdogigant_strong.ogf]
act\act_psevdogigant_teeth, models\model_aref
act\act_psevdogigant_u, models\model

[meshes/monsters/rat/rat_1.ogf]
act\act_Rat, models\model

[meshes/monsters/rat/rat_2.ogf]
act\act_rat_anthrax2, models\model

[meshes/monsters/rat/rat_3.ogf]
act\act_rat_anthrax3, models\model

[meshes/monsters/snork/snork.ogf]
act\act_gasmask, models\mirror
act\act_gasmask, models\model

[meshes/monsters/snork/snork_dead.ogf]
act\act_gasmask, models\model
act\act_gasmask, models\mirror

[meshes/monsters/stalker_zombi/stalker_zombi.ogf]
act\act_stalker, models\model
act\act_stalker_face, models\model

[meshes/monsters/topolinypuh/topolinypuh.ogf]
act\act_puh, models\xwindows

[meshes/monsters/topolinypuh/tp_bottom.ogf]
act\act_puh, models\transparent

[meshes/monsters/tushkano/tushkano.ogf]
act\act_rat01, models\model

[meshes/monsters/tushkano/tushkano_dead.ogf]
act\act_rat01, models\model

[meshes/monsters/zombi/zombi_1.ogf]
act\act_zombie_1, models\model

[meshes/monsters/zombi/zombi_1_ghost.ogf]
act\act_zombie_1, models\xanomaly

[meshes/monsters/zombi/zombi_2.ogf]
act\act_zombie_2, models\model

[meshes/monsters/zombi/zombi_4.ogf]
act\act_head_zombi, models\model
act\act_stalker_specnaz, models\model

[meshes/monsters/zombi/zombi_trup.ogf]
act\act_miaso, models\model

[meshes/monsters/zombi/zombi_trup_2.ogf]
act\act_trup, models\model

[meshes/objects/dynamics/balon/balon_01.ogf]
prop\prop_ballon1, models\model

[meshes/objects/dynamics/balon/bidon.ogf]
prop\prop_bidon, models\model

[meshes/objects/dynamics/balon/bochka_close_1.ogf]
mtl\mtl_barrel_01, models\model

[meshes/objects/dynamics/balon/bochka_close_2.ogf]
mtl\mtl_barrel_02, models\model

[meshes/objects/dynamics/balon/bochka_close_3.ogf]
mtl\mtl_barrel_03, models\model

[meshes/objects/dynamics/balon/bochka_close_4.ogf]
mtl\mtl_barrel_04, models\model

[meshes/objects/dynamics/balon/bochka_fuel.ogf]
mtl\mtl_barrel_05, models\model

[meshes/objects/dynamics/balon/bochka_open_1.ogf]
mtl\mtl_barrel_01, models\model

[meshes/objects/dynamics/balon/bochka_open_2.ogf]
mtl\mtl_barrel_02, models\model

[meshes/objects/dynamics/balon/bochka_open_3.ogf]
mtl\mtl_barrel_03, models\model

[meshes/objects/dynamics/balon/bochka_open_4.ogf]
mtl\mtl_barrel_04, models\model

[meshes/objects/dynamics/balon/kanistra.ogf]
prop\prop_kanistra, models\model

[meshes/objects/dynamics/bed/bed_01.ogf]
prop\prop_bed1, models\transparent
mtl\mtl_pod_01, models\model
prop\prop_bed1a, models\transparent

[meshes/objects/dynamics/box/box_1a.ogf]
wood\wood_walls8, models\model

[meshes/objects/dynamics/box/box_1b.ogf]
wood\wood_walls10, models\model

[meshes/objects/dynamics/box/box_1c.ogf]
wood\wood_walls10_dark, models\model

[meshes/objects/dynamics/box/box_wood_01.ogf]
wood\wood_plank6, models\model

[meshes/objects/dynamics/box/box_wood_tara.ogf]
wood\wood_doski, models\model

[meshes/objects/dynamics/box/prt/box_wood_01_prt1.ogf]
wood\wood_plank6, models\model

[meshes/objects/dynamics/box/prt/box_wood_01_prt2.ogf]
wood\wood_plank6, models\model

[meshes/objects/dynamics/box/prt/box_wood_01_prt3.ogf]
wood\wood_plank6, models\model

[meshes/objects/dynamics/box/prt/box_wood_01_prt4.ogf]
wood\wood_plank6, models\model

[meshes/objects/dynamics/box/prt/box_wood_01_prt5.ogf]
wood\wood_plank6, models\model

[meshes/objects/dynamics/box/prt/box_wood_01_prt6.ogf]
wood\wood_plank6, models\model

[meshes/objects/dynamics/box/prt/box_wood_01_prt7.ogf]
wood\wood_plank6, models\model

[meshes/objects/dynamics/chair/lavochka_01.ogf]
wood\wood_table_02, models\model

[meshes/objects/dynamics/chair/lavochka_02.ogf]
wood\wood_jasik, models\model

[meshes/objects/dynamics/chair/stul_wood_01.ogf]
wood\wood_table_02, models\model
prop\prop_blind01, models\model

[meshes/objects/dynamics/chair/taburet_wood_01.ogf]
prop\prop_blind01, models\model
wood\wood_table_02, models\model

[meshes/objects/dynamics/decor/tv_1_br.ogf]
prop\prop_tv, models\model

[meshes/objects/dynamics/decor/vedro_01.ogf]
mtl\mtl_bochka_01, models\model
mtl\mtl_bochka_02, models\model

[meshes/objects/dynamics/plitka/plitka1.ogf]

[meshes/objects/dynamics/plitka/plitka_br1.ogf]
ston\ston_stena_marbl_m_03_back, models\model
ston\ston_stena_marbl_m_03, models\model

[meshes/physics/anomaly/anomaly_hvatalka.ogf]
pfx\pfx_anomaly_vegetation, models\xanomaly

[meshes/physics/anomaly/anomaly_liana.ogf]
pfx\pfx_anomaly_vegetation, models\weapons
pfx\pfx_anomaly_vegetation, models\xanomaly
artifact\artifact_liana2, models\window

[meshes/physics/anomaly/anomaly_studen.ogf]
pfx\pfx_anomaly_vegetation, models\xanomaly

[meshes/physics/anomaly/anomaly_studen_bottom_01.ogf]
water\water_studen_green, models\xanomaly

[meshes/physics/anomaly/anomaly_studen_bottom_02.ogf]
water\water_studen_green, models\xanomaly

[meshes/physics/anomaly/anomaly_studen_bottom_03.ogf]
water\water_studen_green, models\xanomaly

[meshes/physics/anomaly/anomaly_studen_up_01.ogf]
water\water_studen_green, models\xanomaly

[meshes/physics/anomaly/anomaly_studen_up_02.ogf]
water\water_studen_green, models\xanomaly

[meshes/physics/anomaly/artefact_ameba1.ogf]
artifact\artifact_sopli2, models\xdistortcolor
artifact\artifact_sopli, models\xdistortcolor

[meshes/physics/anomaly/artefact_ameba2.ogf]
artifact\artifact_sopli2, models\xdistortcolorl
artifact\artifact_sopli, models\xdistortcolor

[meshes/physics/anomaly/artefact_ameba3.ogf]
artifact\artifact_sopli, models\xdistortcolor
artifact\artifact_sopli2, models\xdistortcolor

[meshes/physics/anomaly/artefact_battery.ogf]
artifact\artifact_magnit, models\artefact2

[meshes/physics/anomaly/artefact_blackdrip.ogf]
artifact\artifact_simple2, models\artefact2

[meshes/physics/anomaly/artefact_blackdrip_1.ogf]
pfx\pfx_anomaly_14, models\selflight

[meshes/physics/anomaly/artefact_blackdrip_2.ogf]
pfx\pfx_anomaly_1, models\artefact2

[meshes/physics/anomaly/artefact_cristall.ogf]
water\water_pool1, models\xdistortcolor
artifact\artifact_cristall, models\transparent

[meshes/physics/anomaly/artefact_electra1.ogf]
artifact\artifact_glow2, models\lightplanes
artifact\artifact_lighting, models\xdistortcolorl
artifact\artifact_hell1, models\xdistortcolorl

[meshes/physics/anomaly/artefact_electra2.ogf]
artifact\artifact_glow2, models\lightplanes

[meshes/physics/anomaly/artefact_electra3.ogf]
artifact\artifact_glow, models\lightplanes
artifact\artifact_fire_light, models\lightplanes
artifact\artifact_fire, models\xdistortcolorl

[meshes/physics/anomaly/artefact_electra4.ogf]
artifact\artifact_hell1, models\xdistortcolor
artifact\artifact_fire, models\xdistortcolor

[meshes/physics/anomaly/artefact_fire.ogf]
prop\prop_elec_door_01_wall, models\artefact
fx\fx_lavahell1, models\selflight
fx\fx_lavahell1, models\xdistortcolor

[meshes/physics/anomaly/artefact_gravy1.ogf]
artifact\artifact_pustishka, models\artefact

[meshes/physics/anomaly/artefact_gravy2.ogf]
artifact\artifact_simple2, models\artefact2

[meshes/physics/anomaly/artefact_gravy3.ogf]
artifact\artifact_cristall, models\artefact2

[meshes/physics/anomaly/artefact_kaply.ogf]
artifact\artifact_sopli2, models\artefact2

[meshes/physics/anomaly/artefact_monolit.ogf]
artifact\artifact_cristall, models\xmonolith
artifact\artifact_cristall, models\selflight
artifact\artifact_cristall, models\window
grnd\grnd_dry_j02_pod, models\model

[meshes/physics/anomaly/artefact_monolit_ghost.ogf]
artifact\artifact_cristall_green, models\lightplanes
artifact\artifact_cristall_green_grnd, models\lightplanes

[meshes/physics/anomaly/artefact_myasorubka1.ogf]
artifact\artifact_myasorubka1, models\model

[meshes/physics/anomaly/artefact_myasorubka2.ogf]
artifact\artifact_myasorubka2, models\model

[meshes/physics/anomaly/artefact_myasorubka3.ogf]
pfx\pfx_anomaly_14, models\artefact2

[meshes/physics/anomaly/artefact_needles1.ogf]
pfx\pfx_anomaly_vegetation, models\artefact2
artifact\artifact_liana2, models\window

[meshes/physics/anomaly/artefact_needles2.ogf]
pfx\pfx_anomaly_vegetation, models\artefact
artifact\artifact_liana2, models\window

[meshes/physics/anomaly/artefact_plenka.ogf]
pfx\pfx_dist_glass, models\xdistortcolor

[meshes/physics/anomaly/artefact_pustishka.ogf]
artifact\artifact_pustishka, models\weapons
artifact\artifact_sopli, models\xdistortcolor

[meshes/physics/anomaly/artefact_pustishka1.ogf]
artifact\artifact_sopli, models\xdistortcolor
artifact\artifact_sopli, models\artefact2

[meshes/physics/anomaly/artefact_rusty_hairs.ogf]
artifact\artifact_liana2, models\water
pfx\pfx_anomaly_vegetation, models\artefact

[meshes/physics/anomaly/artefact_spiral.ogf]
artifact\artifact_glow, models\artefact2

[meshes/physics/anomaly/pautina.ogf]
temp\temp_cweb2, models\xwindows

[meshes/physics/anomaly/topolinypuh.ogf]
act\act_puh, models\transparent

[meshes/physics/anomaly/tp_bottom.ogf]
act\act_puh, models\transparent

[meshes/physics/balon/balon_01.ogf]
prop\prop_ballon1, models\model

[meshes/physics/balon/balon_02.ogf]
mtl\mtl_colored_alum, models\model
prop\prop_ballon2, models\model

[meshes/physics/balon/bidon.ogf]
prop\prop_bidon, models\model

[meshes/physics/balon/bochka_close_1.ogf]
mtl\mtl_barrel_01, models\model

[meshes/physics/balon/bochka_close_2.ogf]
mtl\mtl_barrel_02, models\model

[meshes/physics/balon/bochka_close_3.ogf]
mtl\mtl_barrel_03, models\model

[meshes/physics/balon/bochka_close_4.ogf]
mtl\mtl_barrel_04, models\model

[meshes/physics/balon/bochka_fuel.ogf]
mtl\mtl_barrel_05, models\model

[meshes/physics/balon/bochka_open_1.ogf]
mtl\mtl_barrel_01, models\model

[meshes/physics/balon/bochka_open_2.ogf]
mtl\mtl_barrel_02, models\model

[meshes/physics/balon/bochka_open_3.ogf]
mtl\mtl_barrel_03, models\model

[meshes/physics/balon/bochka_open_4.ogf]
mtl\mtl_barrel_04, models\model

[meshes/physics/balon/bomb_01.ogf]
prop\prop_door7, models\model
prop\prop_crate_cs, models\model

[meshes/physics/balon/box_lab_03.ogf]
mtl\mtl_bochka_01, models\model
mtl\mtl_bochka_02, models\model

[meshes/physics/balon/kanistra.ogf]
prop\prop_kanistra, models\model

[meshes/physics/box/box_1a.ogf]
wood\wood_walls8, models\model

[meshes/physics/box/box_1b.ogf]
wood\wood_walls10, models\model

[meshes/physics/box/box_1c.ogf]
wood\wood_walls10_dark, models\model

[meshes/physics/box/box_lab_01.ogf]
prop\prop_grate3, models\model

[meshes/physics/box/box_lab_02.ogf]
prop\prop_box2, models\model

[meshes/physics/box/box_metall_01.ogf]
prop\prop_dangerbox_2, models\model

[meshes/physics/box/box_pak_01.ogf]
prop\prop_box2, models\model
prop\prop_box1, models\model

[meshes/physics/box/box_wood_01.ogf]
wood\wood_plank6, models\model

[meshes/physics/box/box_wood_tara.ogf]
wood\wood_doski, models\model

[meshes/physics/box/expl_dinamit.ogf]
prop\prop_item2, models\selflightl

[meshes/physics/box/konteyner_01.ogf]
prop\prop_crate1, models\model
prop\prop_crate1, models\model

[meshes/physics/box/konteyner_02.ogf]
prop\prop_crate1, models\model

[meshes/physics/box/konteyner_03.ogf]
prop\prop_crate_cs, models\model

[meshes/physics/box/prt/box_lab_02_prt1.ogf]
prop\prop_box2, models\model

[meshes/physics/box/prt/box_lab_02_prt2.ogf]
prop\prop_box2, models\model

[meshes/physics/box/prt/box_lab_02_prt3.ogf]
prop\prop_box2, models\model

[meshes/physics/box/prt/box_lab_02_prt4.ogf]
prop\prop_box2, models\model

[meshes/physics/box/prt/box_lab_02_prt5.ogf]
prop\prop_box2, models\model

[meshes/physics/box/prt/box_lab_02_prt6.ogf]
prop\prop_box2, models\model

[meshes/physics/box/prt/box_metall_01_prt1.ogf]
prop\prop_dangerbox_2, models\model
mtl\mtl_angar_a_b, models\model

[meshes/physics/box/prt/box_metall_01_prt2.ogf]
mtl\mtl_angar_a_b, models\model
prop\prop_dangerbox_2, models\model

[meshes/physics/box/prt/box_wood_01_prt1.ogf]
wood\wood_plank6, models\model

[meshes/physics/box/prt/box_wood_01_prt2.ogf]
wood\wood_plank6, models\model

[meshes/physics/box/prt/box_wood_01_prt3.ogf]
wood\wood_plank6, models\model

[meshes/physics/box/prt/box_wood_01_prt4.ogf]
wood\wood_plank6, models\model

[meshes/physics/box/prt/box_wood_01_prt5.ogf]
wood\wood_plank6, models\model

[meshes/physics/box/prt/box_wood_01_prt6.ogf]
wood\wood_plank6, models\model

[meshes/physics/box/prt/box_wood_01_prt7.ogf]
wood\wood_plank6, models\model

[meshes/physics/box/seif_01.ogf]
Mtl\Mtl_Walls14, models\model

[meshes/physics/dead_body/skelet_combine_pose_00.ogf]
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model

[meshes/physics/dead_body/skelet_combine_pose_01.ogf]
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model

[meshes/physics/dead_body/skelet_combine_pose_02.ogf]
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model

[meshes/physics/dead_body/skelet_combine_pose_03.ogf]
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model

[meshes/physics/dead_body/skelet_combine_pose_04.ogf]
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model

[meshes/physics/dead_body/skelet_combine_pose_05.ogf]
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model

[meshes/physics/dead_body/skelet_combine_pose_06.ogf]
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model
act\act_skeleton, models\model

[meshes/physics/dead_body/skelet_crash.ogf]
act\act_skeleton_fresh, models\model
act\act_skeleton_fresh, models\model
act\act_skeleton_fresh, models\model
act\act_skeleton_fresh, models\model
act\act_skeleton_fresh, models\model
act\act_skeleton_fresh, models\model
act\act_skeleton_fresh, models\model
act\act_skeleton_fresh, models\model
act\act_skeleton_fresh, models\model
act\act_skeleton_fresh, models\model
act\act_skeleton_fresh, models\model
act\act_skeleton_fresh, models\model
act\act_skeleton_fresh, models\model
act\act_skeleton_fresh, models\model
act\act_skeleton_fresh, models\model

[meshes/physics/dead_body/skelet_crash_monster.ogf]
act\act_skeleton_fresh, models\model
act\act_skeleton_fresh, models\model
act\act_skeleton_fresh, models\model
act\act_skeleton_fresh, models\model
act\act_skeleton_fresh, models\model
act\act_skeleton_fresh, models\model
act\act_skeleton_fresh, models\model
act\act_skeleton_fresh, models\model
act\act_skeleton_fresh, models\model
act\act_skeleton_fresh, models\model

[meshes/physics/dead_body/skelet_foot1.ogf]
act\act_skeleton, models\model

[meshes/physics/dead_body/skelet_foot2.ogf]
act\act_skeleton, models\model

[meshes/physics/dead_body/skelet_head.ogf]
act\act_skeleton, models\model

[meshes/physics/dead_body/skelet_hend1.ogf]
act\act_skeleton, models\model

[meshes/physics/dead_body/skelet_hend2.ogf]
act\act_skeleton, models\model

[meshes/physics/dead_body/skelet_torso.ogf]
act\act_skeleton, models\model

[meshes/physics/dead_body/trofey_boar.ogf]
prop\prop_trofy_board, models\model
wood\wood_chipboard1_dirt, models\model
act\act_mutant_boar, models\model
act\act_pseudodog_fur, models\model_aref

[meshes/physics/dead_body/trofey_cat.ogf]
mtl\mtl_truba_pod_02, models\model
wood\wood_chipboard1_dirt, models\model
act\act_cat, models\model

[meshes/physics/dead_body/trofey_chimera.ogf]
act\act_himera, models\model
prop\prop_trofy_board, models\model
wood\wood_chipboard1_dirt, models\model

[meshes/physics/dead_body/trofey_pseudodog.ogf]
mtl\mtl_truba_pod_02, models\model
wood\wood_chipboard1_dirt, models\model
act\act_pseudodog, models\model
act\act_pseudodog_fur, models\model_aref

[meshes/physics/dead_body/trupik.ogf]
act\act_miaso, models\model

[meshes/physics/dead_body/trupik_crash.ogf]
act\act_miaso, models\model
act\act_miaso, models\model
act\act_miaso, models\model
act\act_miaso, models\model
act\act_miaso, models\model
act\act_miaso, models\model
act\act_miaso, models\model
act\act_miaso, models\model

[meshes/physics/dead_body/trupik_fresh.ogf]
act\act_miaso, models\model

[meshes/physics/dead_body/trupik_rope.ogf]
act\act_trup, models\model

[meshes/physics/dead_body/vertel_boar.ogf]
mtl\mtl_arm_2, models\model
trees\trees_bark, models\model
fx\fx_wood_fire, models\selflight
act\act_mutant_boar_grill, models\model

[meshes/physics/dead_body/vertel_boar_nobranch.ogf]
act\act_mutant_boar_grill, models\model
mtl\mtl_arm_2, models\model
trees\trees_bark, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/bag_01.ogf]
prop\prop_bag, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/banka_kraski_1.ogf]
prop\prop_item2, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/bottle_bar_1.ogf]
glas\glas_dirt, models\window

[meshes/physics/decor/bottle_bar_stakan.ogf]
glas\glas_dirt, models\window

[meshes/physics/decor/brain.ogf]
mtl\mtl_luk_ch_01, models\model
prop\prop_provod_01, models\model
prop\prop_mozg, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/butil_1.ogf]
mtl\mtl_garage_gate_01a_r, models\model
glas\glas_g-01, models\antigas_glass

[meshes/physics/decor/butil_2.ogf]
mtl\mtl_bochka_04a, models\model
mtl\mtl_bochka_06, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/butil_3.ogf]
prop\prop_kanistra, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/butilka_1.ogf]
glas\glas_dirt, models\window
mtl\mtl_walls15, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/butilka_2.ogf]
glas\glas_dirt, models\window
mtl\mtl_walls15, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/butilka_2a.ogf]
mtl\mtl_walls15, models\model
glas\glas_dirt, models\window

[meshes/physics/decor/butilka_2b.ogf]
glas\glas_dirt, models\window
mtl\mtl_walls15, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/butilka_vodka_01.ogf]
prop\prop_voda1, models\weapons

[meshes/physics/decor/fire_schit.ogf]
mtl\mtl_bochka_03_R, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/fire_vedro.ogf]
mtl\mtl_bochka_03_R, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/freezer.ogf]
mtl\mtl_doom_truba_ql, models\model
prop\prop_freez, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/kartina03.ogf]
prop\prop_chair1a, models\model
prop\prop_posters01, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/kartina04.ogf]
prop\prop_posters01, models\model
prop\prop_chair1a, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/kartina05.ogf]
prop\prop_chair1a, models\model
prop\prop_posters01, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/kartina06.ogf]
prop\prop_chair1a, models\model
prop\prop_posters01, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/kartina_01.ogf]
prop\prop_chair1a, models\model
prop\prop_poster_01, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/kartina_02.ogf]
prop\prop_poster_01, models\model
prop\prop_chair1a, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/kitchen_bludo.ogf]
prop\prop_kitchen_stuff, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/kitchen_kastrula.ogf]
prop\prop_kitchen_stuff, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/kitchen_kastrula_up.ogf]
prop\prop_kitchen_stuff, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/kitchen_krujka.ogf]
prop\prop_kitchen_stuff, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/kitchen_lojka.ogf]
prop\prop_kitchen_stuff, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/kitchen_miska.ogf]
prop\prop_kitchen_stuff, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/kitchen_tarelka1.ogf]
prop\prop_kitchen_stuff, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/kitchen_tarelka2.ogf]
prop\prop_kitchen_stuff, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/kiy.ogf]
wood\wood_chipboard1, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/kozel_01.ogf]
wood\wood_walls10_dark, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/krisagenerator.ogf]
mtl\mtl_fence2n, models\transparent
act\act_Rat, models\model
prop\prop_pribori_02, models\model
prop\prop_psyradar, models\model
prop\prop_krisagenerator, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/med_stoyka_01.ogf]
prop\prop_Shitok, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/monolith_generator.ogf]
pfx\pfx_dist_glass5, models\window

[meshes/physics/decor/musor_konteyner_01.ogf]
prop\prop_mus_kont_01a, models\model
prop\prop_mus_kont_01, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/mysor_korzina_1.ogf]
ston\ston_stena_pod_09, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/mysor_korzina_2.ogf]
mtl\mtl_rja_iov_01, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/ognetushitel.ogf]
Prop\Prop_Ognetushit, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/plakat_01.ogf]
sign\sign_moscovgr, models\model
prop\prop_chair1a, models\model
prop\prop_lamppost2a, models\model
prop\prop_lamppost2a, models\model
prop\prop_lamppost2a, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/plakat_3x4.ogf]
map\map_mp_railroad, models\model
prop\prop_chair1a, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/plakat_map_gold_01.ogf]
wood\wood_chipboard1, models\model
prop\prop_map_dolg, models\model
prop\prop_zurnal, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/plakat_prop_map_01.ogf]
prop\prop_map, models\model
wood\wood_chipboard1, models\model
prop\prop_map_flag, models\model_aref

[meshes/physics/decor/pool_shar02.ogf]
prop\prop_Lampa_G, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/priemnik_gorizont.ogf]
prop\prop_iten4, models\weapons
prop\prop_iten4, models\model
prop\prop_iten4, models\selflight

[meshes/physics/decor/prt/bottle_bar_1_prt0.ogf]
glas\glas_dirt2, models\window

[meshes/physics/decor/prt/bottle_bar_1_prt1.ogf]
glas\glas_dirt2, models\window

[meshes/physics/decor/prt/bottle_bar_1_prt2.ogf]
glas\glas_dirt2, models\window

[meshes/physics/decor/prt/bottle_bar_1_prt3.ogf]
glas\glas_dirt2, models\window

[meshes/physics/decor/prt/bottle_bar_1_prt4.ogf]
glas\glas_dirt2, models\window

[meshes/physics/decor/prt/bottle_bar_1_prt5.ogf]
glas\glas_dirt2, models\window

[meshes/physics/decor/prt/bottle_bar_1_prt6.ogf]
glas\glas_dirt2, models\window

[meshes/physics/decor/prt/bottle_bar_1_prt7.ogf]
glas\glas_dirt2, models\window

[meshes/physics/decor/prt/vetrogenerator_prt1.ogf]
mtl\mtl_stena_ch_04, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/prt/vetrogenerator_prt10.ogf]
mtl\mtl_stena_ch, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/prt/vetrogenerator_prt11.ogf]
mtl\mtl_stena_ch, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/prt/vetrogenerator_prt2.ogf]
mtl\mtl_stena_ch_04, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/prt/vetrogenerator_prt3.ogf]
mtl\mtl_stena_ch_04, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/prt/vetrogenerator_prt4.ogf]
mtl\mtl_stena_ch_04, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/prt/vetrogenerator_prt5.ogf]
mtl\mtl_stena_ch_04, models\model
prop\prop_electroengine1, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/prt/vetrogenerator_prt6.ogf]
mtl\mtl_stena_ch_04, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/prt/vetrogenerator_prt7.ogf]
mtl\mtl_stena_ch, models\model
mtl\mtl_stena_ch_04, models\model
prop\prop_electroengine1, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/prt/vetrogenerator_prt8.ogf]
mtl\mtl_stena_ch, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/prt/vetrogenerator_prt9.ogf]
mtl\mtl_stena_ch, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/rupor.ogf]
Mtl\Mtl_Walls7, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/sign_bar_logo_01.ogf]
prop\prop_bar_logo, models\model
Mtl\Mtl_Walls8, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/sign_mine.ogf]
prop\prop_ukazatel, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/sign_radiation.ogf]
sign\sign_radiation, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/sign_stop.ogf]
Mtl\Mtl_Walls1, models\model
sign\sign_stop1, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/switcher.ogf]
prop\prop_pult1, models\model
prop\prop_pult2, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/teapot_1.ogf]
ston\ston_bricks10, models\model
mtl\mtl_stena_ch_04, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/tiski.ogf]
prop\prop_iten4, models\weapons

[meshes/physics/decor/tomb_00.ogf]
wood\wood_doski_tomb, models\model
wood\wood_doski, models\model
act\act_stalker, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/tomb_01.ogf]
wood\wood_doski, models\model
wood\wood_doski_tomb, models\model
act\act_stalker_specnaz, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/tomb_02.ogf]
wood\wood_doski_tomb, models\model
wood\wood_doski, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/tomb_03.ogf]
wood\wood_doski_tomb, models\model
act\act_stalker, models\model
wood\wood_doski, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/tomb_04.ogf]
wood\wood_doski, models\model
wood\wood_doski_tomb, models\model
act\act_stalker, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/tv_1.ogf]
fx\fx_stalker, models\selflightl
prop\prop_tv, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/tv_1_br.ogf]
prop\prop_tv, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/tv_2_br.ogf]
prop\prop_monitor, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/vedro_01.ogf]
mtl\mtl_bochka_01, models\model
mtl\mtl_bochka_02, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/ventilator01_exp.ogf]
Mtl\Mtl_pod_02, models\model
mtl\mtl_bochka_01, models\model
mtl\mtl_bochka_02, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/ventilator_01.ogf]
prop\prop_iten4, models\weapons

[meshes/physics/decor/ventilator_mike.ogf]
mtl\mtl_bochka_02, models\model
mtl\mtl_pod_01, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/ventilyator_lab.ogf]
mtl\mtl_bochka_01, models\model
door\door_trader, models\model
prop\prop_trainwheel2, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/vetrogenerator.ogf]
mtl\mtl_stena_ch_04, models\model
prop\prop_electroengine1, models\model
mtl\mtl_stena_ch, models\model

[meshes/physics/decor/weapons_schit.ogf]
mtl\mtl_bochka_01, models\weapons

[meshes/physics/decor/wetryak.ogf]
mtl\mtl_stena_ch_04, models\model
ston\ston_beton_ch_01, models\model
prop\prop_electroengine1, models\model
mtl\mtl_stena_ch, models\model

[meshes/physics/door/bookcase_village_50x90_ph_door_l.ogf]
wood\wood_table_01, models\model
prop\prop_lock, models\model
wood\wood_table_02, models\model

[meshes/physics/door/bookcase_village_50x90_ph_door_r.ogf]
prop\prop_lock, models\model
wood\wood_table_02, models\model
wood\wood_table_01, models\model

[meshes/physics/door/cabinet_village_140x210_ph_door_l.ogf]
glas\glas_dirt, models\window
wood\wood_table_02, models\model

[meshes/physics/door/cabinet_village_140x210_ph_door_r.ogf]
glas\glas_dirt, models\window
wood\wood_table_02, models\model
prop\prop_lock, models\model

[meshes/physics/door/codedoor_key.ogf]
hud\hud_keydoor, models\lightplanes
mtl\mtl_bochka_01, models\model
mtl\mtl_pod_01, models\model
mtl\mtl_luk_ch_01, models\model
prop\prop_code_1, models\transparent
prop\prop_code_1, models\selflightl

[meshes/physics/door/codedoor_left.ogf]
mtl\mtl_bochka_01, models\model
mtl\mtl_pod_01, models\model
mtl\mtl_luk_ch_01, models\model
glas\glas_dirt, models\mirror
glas\glas_dirt, models\window
mtl\mtl_truba_pod_02, models\model

[meshes/physics/door/codedoor_right.ogf]
mtl\mtl_bochka_01, models\model
mtl\mtl_pod_01, models\model
mtl\mtl_luk_ch_01, models\model
glas\glas_dirt, models\artefact2
glas\glas_dirt, models\window
mtl\mtl_truba_pod_02, models\model

[meshes/physics/door/door_bar_rostok_01.ogf]
mtl\mtl_bochka_01, models\model
mtl\mtl_pod_01, models\model
glas\glas_dirt, models\window
mtl\mtl_luk_ch_01, models\model

[meshes/physics/door/door_bar_rostok_02.ogf]
mtl\mtl_arm_2, models\model
mtl\mtl_set_iov, models\model

[meshes/physics/door/door_darkvale_01.ogf]
door\door_kotelna, models\model

[meshes/physics/door/door_darkvaley_lest_01.ogf]
door\door_kotelna, models\model

[meshes/physics/door/door_darkvaley_nedostroika_01.ogf]
mtl\mtl_bochka_01, models\model
mtl\mtl_arm_2, models\model

[meshes/physics/door/door_darkvaley_outdoor_01.ogf]
door\door_red_garaj_iov, models\model

[meshes/physics/door/door_darkvalley_vorota_01.ogf]
sign\sign_vorota_iov, models\model
sign\sign_vorota_iov, models\model

[meshes/physics/door/door_garbage_01.ogf]
prop\prop_garbage1, models\model
mtl\mtl_bochka_01, models\model
mtl\mtl_angar_a_b, models\model

[meshes/physics/door/door_glory.ogf]
mtl\mtl_stena_ch_04, models\model
glas\glas_lab, models\window

[meshes/physics/door/door_locker.ogf]
prop\prop_hanglock1, models\model

[meshes/physics/door/door_military_01.ogf]
mtl\mtl_bochka_01, models\model
mtl\mtl_arm_2, models\model

[meshes/physics/door/door_p.ogf]
door\door_kotelna, models\model

[meshes/physics/door/door_pripyat_01.ogf]
door\door_w01, models\model

[meshes/physics/door/door_prison_01.ogf]
mtl\mtl_set_iov, models\model
mtl\mtl_arm_2, models\model

[meshes/physics/door/door_prison_pult_01.ogf]
prop\prop_item3, models\model
prop\prop_item3, models\selflight

[meshes/physics/door/door_trader.ogf]
door\door_trader, models\weapons

[meshes/physics/door/door_traders_box.ogf]
Mtl\Mtl_Shkaf, models\model

[meshes/physics/door/door_vagon1_iov.ogf]
prop\prop_vagon_iov, models\model

[meshes/physics/door/door_vagon2_iov.ogf]
prop\prop_vagon_iov_d, models\model

[meshes/physics/door/door_vagon3_iov.ogf]
prop\prop_vagon_iov_gr, models\model

[meshes/physics/door/door_vagon_dist1.ogf]
prop\prop_vagon_iov, models\model
glas\glas_dirt2, models\xglass

[meshes/physics/door/door_yantar_u_01.ogf]
Mtl\Mtl_Walls2_1, models\model
mtl\mtl_bochka_03_R, models\model
prop\prop_elec_kran_02, models\model
mtl\mtl_arm_2, models\model

[meshes/physics/door/prt/door_locker_prt1.ogf]
prop\prop_hanglock1, models\model

[meshes/physics/door/seif_01_ph_door.ogf]
prop\prop_item3, models\model
Mtl\Mtl_Walls14, models\model

[meshes/physics/door/stol_6_ph_door.ogf]
prop\prop_lock, models\model
wood\wood_table_02, models\model

[meshes/physics/door/stol_7_ph_door.ogf]
wood\wood_table_01, models\model
prop\prop_lock, models\model
wood\wood_table_03, models\model

[meshes/physics/door/stol_8_ph_door.ogf]
prop\prop_lock, models\model
wood\wood_table_01, models\model

[meshes/physics/door/stol_8a_ph_door.ogf]
prop\prop_lock, models\model
wood\wood_table_03, models\model
wood\wood_table_01, models\model

[meshes/physics/door/stol_9a_ph_door.ogf]
mtl\mtl_tubes3c, models\model
prop\prop_lock, models\model

[meshes/physics/door/test_slider.ogf]
prop\prop_vagon_iov, models\model
glas\glas_dirt2, models\xglass

[meshes/physics/door/tumba_village_100x90_ph_01_door.ogf]
wood\wood_table_02, models\model
prop\prop_lock, models\model
wood\wood_table_01, models\model

[meshes/physics/door/tumba_village_100x90_ph_door_l.ogf]
wood\wood_table_02, models\model
wood\wood_table_01, models\model

[meshes/physics/door/tumba_village_100x90_ph_door_r.ogf]
prop\prop_lock, models\model
wood\wood_table_02, models\model
wood\wood_table_01, models\model

[meshes/physics/door/tumba_village_140x60_ph_door.ogf]
wood\wood_table_01, models\model
prop\prop_lock, models\model
wood\wood_table_02, models\model

[meshes/physics/door/tumba_village_50x120_ph_door.ogf]
wood\wood_table_01, models\model
prop\prop_lock, models\model
wood\wood_table_02, models\model

[meshes/physics/equipment_cache/equipment_box_01_case.ogf]
glow\glow_ghost, models\model_aref

[meshes/physics/equipment_cache/equipment_box_02_case.ogf]
glow\glow_ghost, models\model_aref

[meshes/physics/equipment_cache/equipment_cross_1_case.ogf]
glow\glow_ghost, models\model_aref

[meshes/physics/equipment_cache/equipment_cross_2_case.ogf]
glow\glow_ghost, models\model_aref

[meshes/physics/equipment_cache/equipment_cross_3_case.ogf]
glow\glow_ghost, models\model_aref

[meshes/physics/equipment_cache/equipment_electric_box_01_case.ogf]
glow\glow_ghost, models\model_aref

[meshes/physics/equipment_cache/equipment_electric_box_02_case.ogf]
glow\glow_ghost, models\model_aref

[meshes/physics/equipment_cache/equipment_hatch_01_case.ogf]
glow\glow_ghost, models\model_aref

[meshes/physics/equipment_cache/equipment_hatch_02_case.ogf]
glow\glow_ghost, models\model_aref

[meshes/physics/equipment_cache/equipment_instrument_case_01_case.ogf]
glow\glow_ghost, models\model_aref

[meshes/physics/equipment_cache/equipment_pipe_01_case.ogf]
glow\glow_ghost, models\model_aref

[meshes/physics/equipment_cache/equipment_pipe_02_case.ogf]
glow\glow_ghost, models\model_aref

[meshes/physics/equipment_cache/equipment_pipe_valve_01_case.ogf]
glow\glow_ghost, models\model_aref

[meshes/physics/equipment_cache/equipment_rucksack_01_case.ogf]
glow\glow_ghost, models\model_aref

[meshes/physics/equipment_cache/equipment_rucksack_02_case.ogf]
glow\glow_ghost, models\model_aref

[meshes/physics/equipment_cache/equipment_seif_01_case.ogf]
glow\glow_ghost, models\model_aref

[meshes/physics/equipment_cache/equipment_seif_02_case.ogf]
glow\glow_ghost, models\model_aref

[meshes/physics/equipment_cache/equipment_seif_03_case.ogf]
glow\glow_ghost, models\model_aref

[meshes/physics/equipment_cache/equipment_trees_log_01_case.ogf]
glow\glow_ghost, models\model_aref

[meshes/physics/equipment_cache/equipment_trees_stump_01_case.ogf]
glow\glow_ghost, models\model_aref

[meshes/physics/equipment_cache/equipment_zaz968_case.ogf]
glow\glow_ghost, models\model_aref

[meshes/physics/keyboard/lab_primary_switcher.ogf]
prop\prop_pribori_face_01, models\model

[meshes/physics/krovati/divan_01.ogf]
prop\prop_bed2a, models\model
prop\prop_bed2a, models\model
prop\prop_chair1a, models\model
prop\prop_chair1a, models\model
prop\prop_chair1a, models\model
prop\prop_chair1a, models\model

[meshes/physics/krovati/krovat_01.ogf]
mtl\mtl_pod_01, models\model
mtl\mtl_pod_01, models\model
mtl\mtl_pod_01, models\model
prop\prop_bed1a, models\transparent
prop\prop_bed1, models\transparent

[meshes/physics/krovati/krovat_02.ogf]
mtl\mtl_bochka_01, models\model
mtl\mtl_bochka_01, models\model
mtl\mtl_bochka_01, models\model
prop\prop_bed1, models\transparent
prop\prop_bed1a, models\transparent

[meshes/physics/large_trash/aes_zabor.ogf]
ston\ston_zabor_02, models\model
ston\ston_beton_pod_01, models\model

[meshes/physics/large_trash/garbage_1.ogf]
mtl\mtl_walls16, models\model
prop\prop_bathhole1, models\model

[meshes/physics/large_trash/garbage_11.ogf]
veh\veh_kamaz_base1, models\model

[meshes/physics/large_trash/garbage_9.ogf]
Mtl\Mtl_Walls7, models\model
mtl\mtl_tubes3, models\model
mtl\mtl_tubes1, models\model

[meshes/physics/large_trash/military_wall_brick.ogf]
ston\ston_stena_06A, models\model

[meshes/physics/large_trash/military_wall_brick_in.ogf]
ston\ston_stena_06A, models\model

[meshes/physics/large_trash/poddon.ogf]
wood\wood_plank6, models\model

[meshes/physics/large_trash/poddon_02.ogf]
wood\wood_plank6_bar_a, models\model

[meshes/physics/large_trash/pricep_01.ogf]
veh\veh_pricep, models\model

[meshes/physics/large_trash/prt/military_wall_bricks_in_prt_1.ogf]
ston\ston_stena_06A, models\model

[meshes/physics/large_trash/prt/military_wall_bricks_in_prt_2.ogf]
ston\ston_stena_06A, models\model

[meshes/physics/large_trash/prt/military_wall_bricks_in_prt_3.ogf]
ston\ston_stena_06A, models\model

[meshes/physics/large_trash/prt/prt_none.ogf]
tree\tree_fuflo, models\transparent

[meshes/physics/large_trash/shifer_03.ogf]
crete\crete_schiffer3, models\model
crete\crete_schiffer3, models\model

[meshes/physics/large_trash/truba_bar_rostok.ogf]
mtl\mtl_tubes3, models\model
mtl\mtl_tubes3, models\model
prop\prop_grate5, models\model

[meshes/physics/light/lamp_mike_2_glass.ogf]
prop\prop_Lampa_G, models\selflight

[meshes/physics/light/lampa01_alarm.ogf]
prop\prop_r, models\selflight
mtl\mtl_lampa_pod_01, models\model

[meshes/physics/light/lampa01_ugl.ogf]
mtl\mtl_lampa_pod_01, models\model
mtl\mtl_lampa_pod_01, models\selflight

[meshes/physics/light/lampa01_ugl_2.ogf]
mtl\mtl_lampa_pod_01, models\model
mtl\mtl_lampa_pod_01, models\selflight

[meshes/physics/light/lampa01_ugl_3.ogf]
mtl\mtl_lampa_pod_01, models\model
mtl\mtl_lampa_pod_01, models\selflight

[meshes/physics/light/lampa01_v.ogf]
mtl\mtl_lampa_pod_01, models\selflight
mtl\mtl_lampa_pod_01, models\model

[meshes/physics/light/lampa_01_on.ogf]
prop\prop_iten4, models\model
prop\prop_iten4, models\selflight

[meshes/physics/light/lampa_abajur_01.ogf]
prop\prop_item2, models\selflight
lights\lights_cone_handing_lamp, models\lightplanes
prop\prop_item2, models\model

[meshes/physics/light/lampa_abajur_02.ogf]
prop\prop_item2, models\model
lights\lights_cone_handing_lamp, models\lightplanes
glow\glow_Yellow, models\lightplanes
prop\prop_item2, models\selflight

[meshes/physics/light/lampa_abajur_03.ogf]
prop\prop_item2, models\model
lights\lights_cone_handing_lamp, models\lightplanes
prop\prop_item2, models\selflight

[meshes/physics/light/lampa_galogen_1_ph.ogf]
prop\prop_Lampa_Galogen, models\selflight
prop\prop_Lampa_Galogen, models\model

[meshes/physics/light/lampa_galogen_4.ogf]
prop\prop_Lampa_Galogen, models\model
prop\prop_Lampa_Galogen, models\selflight

[meshes/physics/light/lampa_provod_01.ogf]
prop\prop_item2, models\model
prop\prop_item2, models\selflight

[meshes/physics/light/lampa_provod_02.ogf]
prop\prop_item2, models\selflight
prop\prop_item2, models\model

[meshes/physics/light/lampa_walls_01.ogf]
mtl\mtl_lampa_pod_01, models\selflight
mtl\mtl_lampa_pod_01, models\model

[meshes/physics/light/light_koster.ogf]
glow\glow_ghost, models\transparent

[meshes/physics/light/light_torch.ogf]
wpn\wpn_items, models\selflight
wpn\wpn_items, models\weapons
lights\lights_cone_handing_lamp, models\lightplanes
glow\glow_Yellow, models\lightplanes

[meshes/physics/light/new_light/light_alarm_1.ogf]
mtl\mtl_lampa_pod_01, models\model
prop\prop_r, models\selflight
mtl\mtl_lampa_pod_01, models\selflightl

[meshes/physics/light/new_light/light_alarm_glass.ogf]
prop\prop_Lampa_G_red2, models\selflight

[meshes/physics/light/new_light/light_alarm_white_glass.ogf]
prop\prop_lampa_g, models\selflight

[meshes/physics/light/new_light/light_big_1_glass.ogf]
prop\prop_Lampa_G, models\selflight

[meshes/physics/light/new_light/light_big_2_glass.ogf]
prop\prop_Lampa_G, models\selflight

[meshes/physics/light/new_light/light_controll_monolith_glass.ogf]
glow\glow_galogen, models\lightplanes
glow\glow_Orange_bright, models\lightplanes
lights\lights_control_monolith, models\selflightl

[meshes/physics/light/new_light/light_galogen_1_glass.ogf]
prop\prop_Lampa_Galogen, models\selflight
glow\glow_galogen, models\lightplanes

[meshes/physics/light/new_light/light_galogen_rtut_1_glass.ogf]
prop\prop_Lampa_Galogen, def_shaders\def_vertex

[meshes/physics/light/new_light/light_osoznanie_glass.ogf]
glow\glow_Orange_bright, models\lightplanes
prop\prop_w, models\selflight
glow\glow_galogen, models\lightplanes

[meshes/physics/light/new_light/light_sharnir_1.ogf]
mtl\mtl_lampa_pod_01, models\model
mtl\mtl_lampa_pod_01, models\selflight

[meshes/physics/light/new_light/light_uglovaya_1_glass.ogf]
mtl\mtl_lampa_pod_01, models\selflight
mtl\mtl_lampa_pod_01, models\selflightl

[meshes/physics/light/new_light/light_white_glass.ogf]
prop\prop_Lampa_G, models\selflight

[meshes/physics/light/new_light/light_wire_1_glass.ogf]
mtl\mtl_lampa_pod_01, models\selflight

[meshes/physics/light/projector_01_nolight.ogf]
prop\prop_prozektor, models\model
mtl\mtl_bochka_02, models\model
mtl\mtl_bochka_01, models\model
prop\prop_prozektor, models\transparent

[meshes/physics/light/rail_svetofor_blue.ogf]
prop\prop_rlight_dw, models\model
prop\prop_rlight_dw, models\selflight
ston\ston_beton_iov_dirt_01, models\model

[meshes/physics/light/rope_projector_01.ogf]
mtl\mtl_bochka_02, models\model
mtl\mtl_bochka_01, models\model
prop\prop_prozektor, models\selflight
mtl\mtl_bochka_01, models\selflight

[meshes/physics/rope/crane_platforma_stancia.ogf]
mtl\mtl_bochka_01, models\model
mtl\mtl_fence2, models\model

[meshes/physics/rope/krane_01.ogf]
prop\prop_crate2, models\model
ston\ston_beton_ch_09, models\model

[meshes/physics/rope/krane_02.ogf]
prop\prop_crate2, models\model
mtl\mtl_tubes1, models\model

[meshes/physics/rope/krane_03.ogf]
prop\prop_crate2, models\model
mtl\mtl_tubes1, models\model

[meshes/physics/rope/krane_05.ogf]
mtl\mtl_bochka_01, models\model

[meshes/physics/rope/krane_box_escape.ogf]
Mtl\Mtl_Walls10, models\model
prop\prop_crate2, models\model

[meshes/physics/rope/krane_kreplenie_01.ogf]
prop\prop_provod_01, models\model
mtl\mtl_walls1_b, models\model

[meshes/physics/rope/krane_platforma.ogf]
prop\prop_provod_01, models\model
prop\prop_crate1, models\model
mtl\mtl_walls1_b, models\model

[meshes/physics/rope/projector_02.ogf]
mtl\mtl_bochka_02, models\model
prop\prop_prozektor, models\model
prop\prop_prozektor, models\transparent
mtl\mtl_bochka_01, models\model

[meshes/physics/rope/projector_03.ogf]
mtl\mtl_bochka_01, models\model
mtl\mtl_bochka_02, models\model
prop\prop_prozektor, models\model
prop\prop_prozektor, models\transparent

[meshes/physics/rope/rope_01.ogf]
prop\prop_provod_01, models\model
prop\prop_grafit, models\model

[meshes/physics/shkaf/stelag_01.ogf]
wood\wood_chipboard1_dirt, models\model

[meshes/physics/small_trash/doski_br_01.ogf]
wood\wood_plank6_bar_a, models\model
wood\wood_plank6_bar_a, models\model
wood\wood_plank6_bar_a, models\model

[meshes/physics/small_trash/doski_br_02.ogf]
wood\wood_plank1, models\model
wood\wood_plank1, models\model
wood\wood_plank1, models\model

[meshes/physics/small_trash/doski_br_03.ogf]
wood\wood_doski, models\model
wood\wood_doski, models\model

[meshes/physics/small_trash/prt/wood_board_br_01_prt1.ogf]
wood\wood_doski_1, models\model

[meshes/physics/small_trash/prt/wood_board_br_01_prt2.ogf]
wood\wood_doski_1, models\model

[meshes/physics/small_trash/prt/wood_board_br_01_prt3.ogf]
wood\wood_doski_1, models\model

[meshes/physics/small_trash/prt/wood_board_br_01_prt4.ogf]
wood\wood_doski_1, models\model

[meshes/physics/small_trash/wood_board_br_01.ogf]
wood\wood_doski_1, models\model

[meshes/physics/small_trash/wood_board_br_01a.ogf]
wood\wood_doski_1, models\model

[meshes/physics/small_trash/wood_board_br_01b.ogf]
wood\wood_doski_1, models\model

[meshes/physics/small_trash/wood_board_br_02.ogf]
wood\wood_plank5, models\model

[meshes/physics/small_trash/wood_board_br_03.ogf]
wood\wood_plank5, models\model

[meshes/physics/stol/stol_4.ogf]
mtl\mtl_tubes3b, models\model

[meshes/physics/stol/stol_6.ogf]
wood\wood_chipboard1_dirt, models\model
prop\prop_table1c, models\model

[meshes/physics/stol/stol_7.ogf]
wood\wood_chipboard1_dirt, models\model
prop\prop_wardrobe1a, models\model

[meshes/physics/stol/stol_8.ogf]
wood\wood_chipboard1_dirt, models\model
prop\prop_table1, models\model
prop\prop_table2, models\model

[meshes/physics/stol/stol_8a.ogf]
prop\prop_table1c, models\model
wood\wood_chipboard1_dirt, models\model
prop\prop_table1b, models\model

[meshes/physics/stol/stol_9a.ogf]
mtl\mtl_tubes3b, models\model

[meshes/physics/stol/stol_obedenniy.ogf]
prop\prop_table1, models\model
wood\wood_chipboard1, models\model

[meshes/physics/stul/lavochka_01.ogf]
wood\wood_table_02, models\model

[meshes/physics/stul/lavochka_02.ogf]
wood\wood_jasik, models\model

[meshes/physics/stul/stul_1a.ogf]
wood\wood_table_02, models\model
prop\prop_blind01, models\model

[meshes/physics/stul/stul_1c.ogf]
wood\wood_table_02, models\model
prop\prop_blind01, models\model

[meshes/physics/stul/stul_wood_01.ogf]
wood\wood_table_02, models\model
prop\prop_blind01, models\model

[meshes/physics/stul/taburet_wood_01.ogf]
prop\prop_blind01, models\model
wood\wood_table_02, models\model

[meshes/physics/target/target_10.ogf]
prop\prop_lex_target, models\model

[meshes/physics/target/target_100.ogf]
prop\prop_lex_target, models\model

[meshes/physics/target/target_120.ogf]
prop\prop_lex_target, models\model

[meshes/physics/target/target_140.ogf]
prop\prop_lex_target, models\model

[meshes/physics/target/target_160.ogf]
prop\prop_lex_target, models\model

[meshes/physics/target/target_180.ogf]
prop\prop_lex_target, models\model

[meshes/physics/target/target_200.ogf]
prop\prop_lex_target, models\model

[meshes/physics/target/target_25.ogf]
prop\prop_lex_target, models\model

[meshes/physics/target/target_50.ogf]
prop\prop_lex_target, models\model

[meshes/physics/technica/item_samopal.ogf]
item\item_samopal, models\model
item\item_samopal, models\weapons

[meshes/physics/technica/komp_block.ogf]
prop\prop_komp, models\model

[meshes/physics/technica/komp_klava.ogf]
prop\prop_komp, models\model

[meshes/physics/technica/komp_monitor.ogf]
prop\prop_komp, models\model

[meshes/physics/technica/pribor_1c.ogf]
prop\prop_pult1, models\model
prop\prop_pult4, models\model

[meshes/physics/technica/pribor_1d.ogf]
prop\prop_pult1, models\model
prop\prop_pult4, models\model

[meshes/physics/test/old/door_left.ogf]
mtl\mtl_bochka_04a, models\model
glas\glas_dirt, models\window
mtl\mtl_bochka_01, models\model
mtl\mtl_pod_01, models\model
mtl\mtl_truba_pod_02, models\model
mtl\mtl_luk_ch_01, models\model

[meshes/physics/test/old/door_right.ogf]
glas\glas_dirt, models\window
mtl\mtl_pod_01, models\model
mtl\mtl_luk_ch_01, models\model
mtl\mtl_bochka_01, models\model
mtl\mtl_truba_pod_02, models\model

[meshes/physics/test/old/slider_test.ogf]
prop\prop_bidon, models\model

[meshes/physics/test/old/stalker_ragdoll.ogf]
act\act_st_exoskel_tank_mp_blue, models\artefact
act\act_st_exoskel_tank_mp_blue, models\selflight

[meshes/physics/test/old/stalker_ragdoll_new.ogf]
act\act_st_exoskel_tank_monolit, models\model

[meshes/physics/test/old/target_andy.ogf]
temp\temp_purewhite1, models\model

[meshes/physics/test/old/test_barrel.ogf]
mtl\mtl_bochka_06, models\model

[meshes/physics/test/old/test_bullet_wallmark.ogf]
prop\prop_table1, models\model

[meshes/physics/test/old/test_bullet_wallmark_large_metall_trsh.ogf]
mtl\mtl_garage_gate_01a, models\model

[meshes/physics/test/old/test_door.ogf]
door\door_w01, models\model

[meshes/physics/test/old/test_shaders_models_lightplanes.ogf]
glas\glas_brain, models\lightplanes

[meshes/physics/test/old/test_shaders_models_mirror.ogf]
glas\glas_brain, models\mirror

[meshes/physics/test/old/test_shaders_models_pautina.ogf]
glas\glas_brain, models\pautina

[meshes/physics/test/old/test_shaders_models_selflight.ogf]
glas\glas_brain, models\selflight

[meshes/physics/test/old/test_shaders_models_transparent.ogf]
glas\glas_brain, models\transparent

[meshes/physics/test/old/test_shaders_models_x_barrel.ogf]
mtl\mtl_barrel_01, models\xdistortcolorl

[meshes/physics/test/old/test_shaders_models_xanomaly.ogf]
glas\glas_brain, models\xanomaly

[meshes/physics/test/old/test_shaders_models_xdistort.ogf]
glas\glas_brain, models\xdistort

[meshes/physics/test/old/test_shaders_models_xdistortcolor.ogf]
glas\glas_brain, models\xdistortcolor

[meshes/physics/test/old/test_shaders_models_xdistortcolorl.ogf]
glas\glas_brain, models\xdistortcolorl

[meshes/physics/test/old/test_shaders_models_xdistortcolorlinv.ogf]
glas\glas_brain, models\xdistortcolorlinv

[meshes/physics/test/old/test_shaders_models_xdistortinv.ogf]
glas\glas_brain, models\xdistortinv

[meshes/physics/test/old/test_shaders_models_xglass.ogf]
glas\glas_brain, models\xglass

[meshes/physics/test/old/test_shaders_models_xglass2.ogf]
glas\glas_brain, models\xglass2

[meshes/physics/test/old/test_shaders_models_xmonolith.ogf]
glas\glas_brain, models\xmonolith

[meshes/physics/test/old/test_shaders_models_xwindows.ogf]
glas\glas_brain, models\xwindows

[meshes/physics/test/slider_test.ogf]
mtl\mtl_bochka_03_R, models\model
Mtl\Mtl_Walls2_1, models\model
prop\prop_elec_kran_02, models\model
mtl\mtl_arm_2, models\model

[meshes/physics/test/slider_test1.ogf]
mtl\mtl_bochka_03_R, models\model
mtl\mtl_arm_2, models\model
Mtl\Mtl_Walls2_1, models\model
prop\prop_elec_kran_02, models\model

[meshes/physics/vehicles/btr/veh_btr_script_u_01.ogf]
veh\veh_BTR, models\model
veh\veh_BTR, models\selflight

[meshes/physics/vehicles/btr/veh_btr_u_01.ogf]
veh\veh_BTR, models\model
veh\veh_BTR, models\selflight

[meshes/physics/vehicles/kamaz/old/veh_kamaz_u_01.ogf]
glas\glas_dirt, models\transparent
glas\glas_dirt, models\transparent
glas\glas_dirt, models\transparent
veh\veh_kamaz_u_01, models\selflight
veh\veh_kamaz_u_01, models\model
veh\veh_kamaz_u_01, models\model
veh\veh_kamaz_u_01, models\model

[meshes/physics/vehicles/kamaz/veh_kamaz_u_01.ogf]
veh\veh_kamaz_u_01, models\model
glow\glow_Orange, models\lightplanes
veh\veh_kamaz_u_01, models\model
veh\veh_kamaz_u_01, models\model
veh\veh_kamaz_u_01, models\selflight
veh\veh_nivaglass1, models\window
veh\veh_nivaglass1, models\window
veh\veh_nivaglass1, models\window

[meshes/physics/vehicles/mi24/part/veh_mi24_part1.ogf]
veh\veh_mi24_fire, models\model

[meshes/physics/vehicles/mi24/part/veh_mi24_part10.ogf]
veh\veh_mi24_fire, models\model

[meshes/physics/vehicles/mi24/part/veh_mi24_part2.ogf]
veh\veh_mi24_fire, models\model

[meshes/physics/vehicles/mi24/part/veh_mi24_part3.ogf]
veh\veh_mi24_fire, models\model

[meshes/physics/vehicles/mi24/part/veh_mi24_part4.ogf]
veh\veh_mi24_fire, models\model

[meshes/physics/vehicles/mi24/part/veh_mi24_part5.ogf]
veh\veh_mi24_fire, models\model

[meshes/physics/vehicles/mi24/part/veh_mi24_part6.ogf]
veh\veh_mi24_fire, models\model

[meshes/physics/vehicles/mi24/part/veh_mi24_part7.ogf]
veh\veh_mi24_fire, models\model

[meshes/physics/vehicles/mi24/part/veh_mi24_part8.ogf]
veh\veh_mi24_fire, models\model

[meshes/physics/vehicles/mi24/part/veh_mi24_part9.ogf]
veh\veh_mi24_fire, models\model

[meshes/physics/vehicles/mi24/veh_mi24_u_01.ogf]
veh\veh_mi24_br, models\weapons
veh\veh_mi24_vint, models\transparent
veh\veh_mi24_br, models\transparent

[meshes/physics/vehicles/mi24/veh_mi24_u_01_fire.ogf]
veh\veh_mi24_vint, models\transparent
veh\veh_mi24_fire, models\window
veh\veh_mi24_fire, models\weapons

[meshes/physics/vehicles/moskvich/veh_moskvitch_u_01.ogf]
veh\veh_moskvitch_01, models\selflight
veh\veh_moskvitch_01, models\model
glas\glas_dirt, models\window

[meshes/physics/vehicles/niva/include_test_niva.ogf]
glow\glow_Orange, models\lightplanes
veh\veh_nivaglass1, models\window
veh\veh_niva2, models\model
veh\veh_nivawheels1a, models\model
veh\veh_nivawheels1, models\model
lights\lights_cone_handing_lamp, models\lightplanes
veh\veh_niva2, models\selflight

[meshes/physics/vehicles/niva/veh_niva_u_01.ogf]
veh\veh_niva2, models\selflight
veh\veh_nivawheels1a, models\model
veh\veh_nivawheels1, models\model
veh\veh_niva2, models\model
veh\veh_niva2, models\model
veh\veh_niva2, models\model
veh\veh_niva2, models\model
veh\veh_nivaglass1, models\window
veh\veh_nivaglass1, models\window
glow\glow_Orange, models\lightplanes
lights\lights_cone_handing_lamp, models\lightplanes

[meshes/physics/vehicles/niva/veh_niva_u_02.ogf]
veh\veh_niva1s, models\model
veh\veh_niva1s, models\model
veh\veh_niva1s, models\model
veh\veh_niva1s, models\model
veh\veh_niva1s, models\selflight
veh\veh_nivawheels1a, models\model
veh\veh_nivawheels1, models\model
veh\veh_nivaglass1, models\window
veh\veh_nivaglass1, models\window
lights\lights_cone_handing_lamp, models\lightplanes
glow\glow_Orange, models\lightplanes

[meshes/physics/vehicles/tr13/veh_tr13_u_01.ogf]
veh\veh_traktor, models\model
lights\lights_cone_handing_lamp, models\lightplanes
glow\glow_Orange, models\lightplanes
veh\veh_traktor, models\selflight
veh\veh_nivaglass1, models\window

[meshes/physics/vehicles/uaz/veh_uaz_u_01.ogf]
veh\veh_uazik_new, models\weapons
veh\veh_uazik_new, models\weapons
veh\veh_uazik_new, models\weapons
veh\veh_uazik_new, models\weapons
veh\veh_uazik_new, models\weapons
veh\veh_uazik_new, models\weapons
veh\veh_uazik_new, models\weapons
veh\veh_uazik_new, models\selflight

[meshes/physics/vehicles/zaz/part/veh_zaz_u_01_part0.ogf]
veh\veh_zaz_gorb, models\model

[meshes/physics/vehicles/zaz/part/veh_zaz_u_01_part1.ogf]
veh\veh_zaz_gorb, models\model

[meshes/physics/vehicles/zaz/part/veh_zaz_u_01_part2.ogf]
veh\veh_zaz_gorb, models\model

[meshes/physics/vehicles/zaz/part/veh_zaz_u_01_part3.ogf]
veh\veh_zaz_gorb, models\model

[meshes/physics/vehicles/zaz/part/veh_zaz_u_01_part4.ogf]
veh\veh_zaz_gorb, models\model

[meshes/physics/vehicles/zaz/part/veh_zaz_u_01_part5.ogf]
veh\veh_zaz_gorb, models\model

[meshes/physics/vehicles/zaz/part/veh_zaz_u_01_part6.ogf]
veh\veh_zaz_gorb, models\model

[meshes/physics/vehicles/zaz/veh_zaz_u_01.ogf]
lights\lights_cone_handing_lamp, models\lightplanes
glow\glow_Orange, models\lightplanes
veh\veh_zaz_gorb, models\selflight
veh\veh_zaz_gorb, models\model
veh\veh_zaz_gorb, models\model
veh\veh_zaz_gorb, models\model
veh\veh_zaz_gorb, models\model

[meshes/physics/zabor/prt/wood_fence_part_1.ogf]
wood\wood_zabor_iov, models\model

[meshes/physics/zabor/prt/wood_fence_part_2.ogf]
wood\wood_zabor_iov, models\model

[meshes/physics/zabor/prt/wood_fence_part_3.ogf]
wood\wood_zabor_iov, models\model

[meshes/physics/zabor/prt/wood_fence_part_4.ogf]
wood\wood_zabor_iov, models\model

[meshes/physics/zabor/prt/wood_fence_part_5.ogf]
wood\wood_zabor_iov, models\model

[meshes/physics/zabor/prt/wood_fence_part_6.ogf]
wood\wood_zabor_iov, models\model

[meshes/physics/zabor/prt/wood_fence_part_7.ogf]
wood\wood_zabor_iov, models\model

[meshes/physics/zabor/wood_fence_1.ogf]
wood\wood_zabor_iov, models\model

[meshes/physics/zabor/wood_fence_2.ogf]
wood\wood_zabor_iov, models\model

[meshes/physics/zabor/wood_fence_3.ogf]
wood\wood_zabor_iov, models\model

[meshes/physics/zabor/wood_fence_4.ogf]
wood\wood_zabor_iov, models\model

[meshes/physics/zabor/wood_fence_5.ogf]
wood\wood_zabor_iov, models\model

[meshes/physics/zabor/zabor_dver_02.ogf]
wood\wood_plank8, models\model

[meshes/weapons/abakan/wpn_abakan.ogf]
wpn\wpn_upgrade, models\weapons
wpn\wpn_abakan, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/abakan/wpn_abakan_hud.ogf]
wpn\wpn_vog, models\weapons
act\act_arm_perchatka, models\model
wpn\wpn_abakan, models\weapons
wpn\wpn_upgrade, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/ak-74u/ak74u.ogf]
wpn\wpn_aksu, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/ak-74u/wpn_ak74u_hud.ogf]
wpn\wpn_aksu, models\weapons
act\act_arm_perchatka, models\model
wpn\wpn_upgrade, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/ak74/wpn_ak74.ogf]
wpn\wpn_ak74, models\weapons
wpn\wpn_upgrade, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/ak74/wpn_ak74_hud.ogf]
act\act_arm_perchatka, models\model
wpn\wpn_ak74, models\weapons
wpn\wpn_upgrade, models\weapons
wpn\wpn_vog, models\model

[meshes/weapons/ammo/ammo_1143x23_fmj.ogf]
wpn\wpn_ammo, models\model

[meshes/weapons/ammo/ammo_1143x23_hydro.ogf]
wpn\wpn_ammo, models\model

[meshes/weapons/ammo/ammo_12x70_buck.ogf]
wpn\wpn_ammo, models\model

[meshes/weapons/ammo/ammo_12x76_dart.ogf]
wpn\wpn_ammo, models\model

[meshes/weapons/ammo/ammo_12x76_zhekan.ogf]
wpn\wpn_ammo, models\model

[meshes/weapons/ammo/ammo_545x39_ap.ogf]
wpn\wpn_ammo, models\model

[meshes/weapons/ammo/ammo_545x39_fmj.ogf]
wpn\wpn_ammo, models\model

[meshes/weapons/ammo/ammo_556x45_ap.ogf]
wpn\wpn_ammo, models\model

[meshes/weapons/ammo/ammo_556x45_ss190.ogf]
wpn\wpn_ammo, models\model

[meshes/weapons/ammo/ammo_57x28_ap.ogf]
wpn\wpn_ammo, models\model

[meshes/weapons/ammo/ammo_57x28_fmj.ogf]
wpn\wpn_ammo, models\model

[meshes/weapons/ammo/ammo_762x54_7h1.ogf]
wpn\wpn_ammo, models\model

[meshes/weapons/ammo/ammo_762x54_7h14.ogf]
wpn\wpn_ammo, models\model

[meshes/weapons/ammo/ammo_762x54_ap.ogf]
wpn\wpn_ammo, models\model

[meshes/weapons/ammo/ammo_9x18_fmj.ogf]
wpn\wpn_ammo, models\model

[meshes/weapons/ammo/ammo_9x18_pbp.ogf]
wpn\wpn_ammo, models\model

[meshes/weapons/ammo/ammo_9x18_pmm.ogf]
wpn\wpn_ammo, models\model

[meshes/weapons/ammo/ammo_9x19_fmj.ogf]
wpn\wpn_ammo, models\model

[meshes/weapons/ammo/ammo_9x19_pbp.ogf]
wpn\wpn_ammo, models\model

[meshes/weapons/ammo/ammo_9x39_ap.ogf]
wpn\wpn_ammo, models\model

[meshes/weapons/ammo/ammo_9x39_pab9.ogf]
wpn\wpn_ammo, models\model

[meshes/weapons/ammo/ammo_9x39_sp5.ogf]
wpn\wpn_ammo, models\model

[meshes/weapons/ammo/ammo_gauss.ogf]
wpn\wpn_gauss, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/ammo/ammo_m209.ogf]
wpn\wpn_upgrade, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/ammo/ammo_og-7b.ogf]
wpn\wpn_rpg-7, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/ammo/ammo_vog-25.ogf]
wpn\wpn_vog, models\model

[meshes/weapons/ammo/ammo_vog-25p.ogf]
wpn\wpn_vog, models\model

[meshes/weapons/aptechka/aptechka.ogf]
act\act_arm_perchatka, models\model
prop\prop_sigarets, models\model

[meshes/weapons/artefact/wpn_artefact_hud.ogf]
act\act_arm_perchatka, models\model
glow\glow_ghost, models\model_aref
artifact\artifact_fire_light, models\model_aref
artifact\artifact_fire, models\model_aref

[meshes/weapons/bandage/bandage.ogf]
act\act_arm_perchatka, models\model
prop\prop_sigarets, models\model

[meshes/weapons/beretta92fs/wpn_beretta92fs.ogf]
wpn\wpn_beretta, models\weapons
wpn\wpn_upgrade, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/beretta92fs/wpn_beretta92fs_hud.ogf]
act\act_arm_perchatka, models\model
wpn\wpn_beretta, models\weapons
wpn\wpn_upgrade, models\weapons
wpn\wpn_beretta, models\selflight

[meshes/weapons/binoculars/wpn_binoculars.ogf]
wpn\wpn_binokl, models\mirror

[meshes/weapons/binoculars/wpn_binoculars_hud.ogf]
wpn\wpn_binokl, models\weapons
act\act_arm_perchatka, models\model

[meshes/weapons/bm_16/wpn_bm-16.ogf]
wpn\wpn_bm-16, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/bm_16/wpn_bm-16_hud.ogf]
act\act_arm_perchatka, models\model
wpn\wpn_bm-16, models\weapons
wpn\wpn_gilza1, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/bolt/wpn_bolt.ogf]
wpn\wpn_bolt, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/bolt/wpn_bolt_hud.ogf]
wpn\wpn_bolt, models\model
act\act_arm_perchatka, models\model

[meshes/weapons/bred/bred.ogf]
item\item_food, models\model

[meshes/weapons/bred/bred_hud.ogf]
item\item_food, models\model
act\act_arm_perchatka, models\model

[meshes/weapons/colt1911/wpn_colt1911.ogf]
wpn\wpn_upgrade, models\weapons
wpn\wpn_colt, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/colt1911/wpn_colt1911_hud.ogf]
wpn\wpn_upgrade, models\weapons
act\act_arm_perchatka, models\model
wpn\wpn_colt, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/desert_eagle/wpn_desert_eagle.ogf]
wpn\wpn_desert_eagle, models\artefact2
wpn\wpn_upgrade, models\artefact2

[meshes/weapons/desert_eagle/wpn_desert_eagle_hud.ogf]
act\act_arm_perchatka, models\model
wpn\wpn_upgrade, models\artefact2
wpn\wpn_desert_eagle, models\artefact2

[meshes/weapons/fn2000/wpn_fn2000.ogf]
wpn\wpn_FN2000, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/fn2000/wpn_fn2000_hud.ogf]
wpn\wpn_fn2000_new, models\weapons
act\act_arm_perchatka, models\model
wpn\wpn_upgrade, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/fn2000/wpn_fn2000_hud_new.ogf]
wpn\wpn_fn2000_new, models\weapons
wpn\wpn_upgrade, models\weapons
act\act_arm_perchatka, models\model

[meshes/weapons/fn2000/wpn_fn2000_new.ogf]
wpn\wpn_fn2000_new, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/fort/wpn_fort.ogf]
wpn\wpn_fort, models\model

[meshes/weapons/fort/wpn_fort_hud.ogf]
act\act_arm_perchatka, models\model
wpn\wpn_fort, models\model
wpn\wpn_upgrade, models\model

[meshes/weapons/g36/wpn_g36.ogf]
wpn\wpn_g36, models\model
wpn\wpn_upgrade, models\model

[meshes/weapons/g36/wpn_g36_hud.ogf]
wpn\wpn_upgrade, models\weapons
wpn\wpn_g36, models\weapons
act\act_arm_perchatka, models\model

[meshes/weapons/gauss/wpn_gauss.ogf]
wpn\wpn_upgrade, models\weapons
wpn\wpn_gauss, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/gauss/wpn_gauss_hud.ogf]
wpn\wpn_gauss, models\weapons
wpn\wpn_upgrade, models\weapons
act\act_arm_perchatka, models\model

[meshes/weapons/grenade/wpn_f_1.ogf]
wpn\wpn_grenade, models\model

[meshes/weapons/grenade/wpn_f_1_hud.ogf]
wpn\wpn_grenade, models\weapons
act\act_arm_perchatka, models\model

[meshes/weapons/grenade/wpn_gd_05.ogf]
wpn\wpn_grenade1, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/grenade/wpn_gd_05_hud.ogf]
act\act_arm_perchatka, models\model
wpn\wpn_grenade1, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/grenade/wpn_mines_1.ogf]
prop\prop_item2, models\model

[meshes/weapons/grenade/wpn_mines_2.ogf]
prop\prop_item2, models\model

[meshes/weapons/grenade/wpn_rgd_5.ogf]
wpn\wpn_grenade, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/grenade/wpn_rgd_5_hud.ogf]
act\act_arm_perchatka, models\model
wpn\wpn_grenade, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/groza/wpn_groza.ogf]
wpn\wpn_groza, models\model
wpn\wpn_upgrade, models\model

[meshes/weapons/groza/wpn_groza_hud.ogf]
wpn\wpn_groza, models\weapons
act\act_arm_perchatka, models\model
wpn\wpn_bullet1_545, models\model
wpn\wpn_vog, models\weapons
wpn\wpn_upgrade, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/hpsa/wpn_hpsa.ogf]
wpn\wpn_upgrade, models\weapons
wpn\wpn_hpsa, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/hpsa/wpn_hpsa_hud.ogf]
wpn\wpn_upgrade, models\weapons
wpn\wpn_hpsa, models\weapons
act\act_arm_perchatka, models\model

[meshes/weapons/knife/wpn_knife.ogf]
wpn\wpn_knife, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/knife/wpn_knife_hud.ogf]
act\act_arm_perchatka, models\model
wpn\wpn_knife, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/kolbasa/kolbasa.ogf]
item\item_food, models\model

[meshes/weapons/kolbasa/kolbasa_hud.ogf]
act\act_arm_perchatka, models\model
item\item_food, models\model

[meshes/weapons/kolbasa/wpn_kolbasa_hud.ogf]
act\act_arm_perchatka, models\model
item\item_food, models\model

[meshes/weapons/l85/wpn_l85.ogf]
wpn\wpn_l85, models\weapons
wpn\wpn_upgrade, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/l85/wpn_l85_hud.ogf]
wpn\wpn_upgrade, models\weapons
wpn\wpn_l85, models\weapons
act\act_arm_perchatka, models\model

[meshes/weapons/l85/wpn_l85_hud_old.ogf]
wpn\wpn_upgrade, models\weapons
act\act_arm_perchatka, models\weapons
wpn\wpn_l85, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/lr300/wpn_lr300.ogf]
wpn\wpn_upgrade, models\weapons
wpn\wpn_lr300_banan, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/lr300/wpn_lr300_hud.ogf]
wpn\wpn_upgrade, models\weapons
act\act_arm_perchatka, models\model
wpn\wpn_bullet1_545, models\weapons
wpn\wpn_lr300_banan, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/mounted_weapons/wpn_pkm_trenoga.ogf]
wpn\wpn_pkm, models\weapons
wpn\wpn_pkm_lenta, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/mp5/wpn_mp5.ogf]
wpn\wpn_upgrade, models\weapons
wpn\wpn_mp5, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/mp5/wpn_mp5_hud.ogf]
act\act_arm_perchatka, models\model
wpn\wpn_upgrade, models\weapons
wpn\wpn_mp5, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/p90/wpn_p90.ogf]
wpn\wpn_p90, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/pb/wpn_pb.ogf]
wpn\wpn_pb, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/pb/wpn_pb_hud.ogf]
wpn\wpn_pb, models\weapons
act\act_arm_perchatka, models\model

[meshes/weapons/pm/wpn_pm.ogf]
wpn\wpn_upgrade, models\weapons
wpn\wpn_PM, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/pm/wpn_pm_hud.ogf]
wpn\wpn_upgrade, models\weapons
wpn\wpn_PM, models\weapons
act\act_arm_perchatka, models\model

[meshes/weapons/rg-6/wpn_rg-6.ogf]
wpn\wpn_rg6, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/rg-6/wpn_rg-6_hud.ogf]
wpn\wpn_rg6, models\weapons
wpn\wpn_vog, models\weapons
act\act_arm_perchatka, models\model

[meshes/weapons/rpg_7/wpn_rpg_7.ogf]
wpn\wpn_rpg-7, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/rpg_7/wpn_rpg_7_grenade.ogf]
wpn\wpn_rpg-7, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/rpg_7/wpn_rpg_7_hud.ogf]
wpn\wpn_rpg-7, models\model
act\act_arm_perchatka, models\model

[meshes/weapons/sig220/wpn_sig220.ogf]
wpn\wpn_upgrade, models\weapons
wpn\wpn_sig-p220, models\weapons
wpn\wpn_sig-p220, models\selflight

[meshes/weapons/sig220/wpn_sig220_hud.ogf]
wpn\wpn_sig-p220, models\weapons
wpn\wpn_sig-p220, models\selflight
wpn\wpn_upgrade, models\weapons
act\act_arm_perchatka, models\model

[meshes/weapons/sig550/wpn_sig550.ogf]
wpn\wpn_sig550, models\weapons
wpn\wpn_upgrade, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/sig550/wpn_sig550_hud.ogf]
wpn\wpn_sig550, models\weapons
act\act_arm_perchatka, models\model
wpn\wpn_upgrade, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/sigaret/sigaret.ogf]
prop\prop_sigarets, models\model
prop\prop_sigarets, models\selflight

[meshes/weapons/sigaret/sigaret_hud.ogf]
act\act_arm_perchatka, models\model
prop\prop_sigarets, models\model

[meshes/weapons/spas12/wpn_spas12.ogf]
wpn\wpn_spas12, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/spas12/wpn_spas12_hud.ogf]
wpn\wpn_gilza1, models\weapons
act\act_arm_perchatka, models\model
wpn\wpn_spas12, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/svd/wpn_svd.ogf]
wpn\wpn_svu-a, models\weapons
wpn\wpn_svd, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/svd/wpn_svd_hud.ogf]
wpn\wpn_svd, models\weapons
wpn\wpn_bullet1_545, models\model
act\act_arm_perchatka, models\model

[meshes/weapons/svu/wpn_svu.ogf]
wpn\wpn_svu-a, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/svu/wpn_svu_hud.ogf]
act\act_arm_perchatka, models\model
wpn\wpn_svu-a, models\weapons
wpn\wpn_bullet1, models\model

[meshes/weapons/toz34/wpn_toz34_ext.ogf]
wpn\wpn_toz-34, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/toz34/wpn_toz34_hud.ogf]
wpn\wpn_toz-34, models\weapons
act\act_arm_perchatka, models\model
wpn\wpn_gilza1, models\model

[meshes/weapons/upgrade/wpn_grenade_launcher.ogf]
wpn\wpn_upgrade, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/upgrade/wpn_grenade_launcher_m203.ogf]
wpn\wpn_upgrade, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/upgrade/wpn_scope.ogf]
wpn\wpn_upgrade, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/upgrade/wpn_scope_susat.ogf]
wpn\wpn_l85, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/upgrade/wpn_silencer.ogf]
wpn\wpn_upgrade, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/usp_45/wpn_usp_45.ogf]
wpn\wpn_usp, models\weapons
wpn\wpn_upgrade, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/usp_45/wpn_usp_45_hud.ogf]
wpn\wpn_upgrade, models\weapons
act\act_arm_perchatka, models\model
wpn\wpn_usp, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/val/wpn_val.ogf]
wpn\wpn_vss, models\weapons
wpn\wpn_upgrade, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/val/wpn_val_hud.ogf]
wpn\wpn_bullet1_545, models\model
wpn\wpn_vss, models\weapons
wpn\wpn_upgrade, models\weapons
act\act_arm_perchatka, models\model

[meshes/weapons/vintorez/wpn_vintorez.ogf]
wpn\wpn_vss, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/vintorez/wpn_vintorez_hud.ogf]
wpn\wpn_vss, models\weapons
act\act_arm_perchatka, models\model
wpn\wpn_bullet1_545, models\model

[meshes/weapons/vodka/vodka.ogf]
prop\prop_voda1, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/vodka/vodka_hud.ogf]
act\act_arm_perchatka, models\model
prop\prop_voda1, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/walter_99/wpn_walter_99.ogf]
wpn\wpn_walter99, models\weapons
wpn\wpn_upgrade, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/walter_99/wpn_walter_99_hud.ogf]
wpn\wpn_upgrade, models\weapons
wpn\wpn_walter99, models\weapons
act\act_arm_perchatka, models\model

[meshes/weapons/winchester1300/wpn_winchester1300.ogf]
wpn\wpn_winchester1300, models\weapons

[meshes/weapons/winchester1300/wpn_winchester1300_hud.ogf]
wpn\wpn_winchester1300, models\weapons
wpn\wpn_gilza1, models\weapons
act\act_arm_perchatka, models\model

